Converging evidence for a pseudoautosomal cytokine receptor gene locus in schizophrenia.
Genome-wide association study of prostate cancer identifies a second risk locus at 8q24.
A high-density whole-genome association study reveals that APOE is the major susceptibility gene for sporadic late-onset Alzheimer's disease.
A genome-wide association study identifies alleles in FGFR2 associated with risk of sporadic postmenopausal breast cancer.
GAB2 alleles modify Alzheimer's risk in APOE epsilon4 carriers.
A genome-wide association study for celiac disease identifies risk variants in the region harboring IL2 and IL21.
A genome-wide association scan of tag SNPs identifies a susceptibility variant for colorectal cancer at 8q24.21.
A genome-wide association scan identifies the hepatic cholesterol transporter ABCG8 as a susceptibility factor for human gallstone disease.
Genomewide association analysis of coronary artery disease.
Genome-wide association scan shows genetic variants in the FTO gene are associated with obesity-related traits.
A common variant of HMGA2 is associated with adult and childhood height in the general population.
TRAF1-C5 as a risk locus for rheumatoid arthritis--a genomewide study.
Genome-wide association with bone mass and geometry in the Framingham Heart Study.
Framingham Heart Study 100K project: genome-wide associations for cardiovascular disease outcomes.
Framingham Heart Study 100K Project: genome-wide associations for blood pressure and arterial stiffness.
A genome-wide association study of breast and prostate cancer in the NHLBI's Framingham Heart Study.
Genome-wide association study of electrocardiographic and heart rate variability traits: the Framingham Heart Study.
Genetic correlates of brain aging on MRI and cognitive test measures: a genome-wide association and linkage analysis in the Framingham Study.
A genome-wide association study shows that common alleles of SMAD7 influence colorectal cancer risk.
Two independent alleles at 6q23 associated with risk of rheumatoid arthritis.
The GLUT9 gene is associated with serum uric acid levels in Sardinia and Chianti cohorts.
A novel genetic marker for coronary spasm in women from a genome-wide single nucleotide polymorphism analysis.
Genome wide association (GWA) study for early onset extreme obesity supports the role of fat mass and obesity associated gene (FTO) variants.
Genome-wide scan identifies variation in MLXIPL associated with plasma triglycerides.
A novel susceptibility locus for type 1 diabetes on Chr12q13 identified by a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association scan in women with systemic lupus erythematosus identifies susceptibility variants in ITGAM, PXK, KIAA1542 and other loci.
Association of systemic lupus erythematosus with C8orf13-BLK and ITGAM-ITGAX.
Functional variants in the B-cell gene BANK1 are associated with systemic lupus erythematosus.
LDL-cholesterol concentrations: a genome-wide association study.
Common sequence variants on 2p15 and Xp11.22 confer susceptibility to prostate cancer.
Genome-wide association identifies a common variant in the reelin gene that increases the risk of schizophrenia only in women.
Newly identified genetic risk variants for celiac disease related to the immune response.
Genome-wide association study provides evidence for a breast cancer risk locus at 6q22.33.
A genome-wide association study in 574 schizophrenia trios using DNA pooling.
Identification of ZNF313/RNF114 as a novel psoriasis susceptibility gene.
Genome-wide association scan identifies a colorectal cancer susceptibility locus on 11q23 and replicates risk loci at 8q24 and 18q21.
A genome-wide association study identifies colorectal cancer susceptibility loci on chromosomes 10p14 and 8q23.3.
Genome-wide association scan of tag SNPs identifies a susceptibility locus for lung cancer at 15q25.1.
A genome-wide association study of psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis identifies new disease loci.
Bone mineral density, osteoporosis, and osteoporotic fractures: a genome-wide association study.
Common genetic variation near MC4R is associated with waist circumference and insulin resistance.
Common variants near MC4R are associated with fat mass, weight and risk of obesity.
Genome-wide association scan identifies a prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase 2 variant involved in risk of knee osteoarthritis.
Chromosome 6p22 locus associated with clinically aggressive neuroblastoma.
A genome-wide association study identifies novel alleles associated with hair color and skin pigmentation.
Common sequence variants on 20q11.22 confer melanoma susceptibility.
Phosphodiesterase 8B gene variants are associated with serum TSH levels and thyroid function.
Variations in the G6PC2/ABCB11 genomic region are associated with fasting glucose levels.
A genome-wide scan for common genetic variants with a large influence on warfarin maintenance dose.
A polymorphism within the G6PC2 gene is associated with fasting plasma glucose levels.
Genomic association analysis suggests chromosome 12 locus influencing antihypertensive response to thiazide diuretic.
Bisphosphonate-related osteonecrosis of the jaw is associated with polymorphisms of the cytochrome P450 CYP2C8 in multiple myeloma: a genome-wide single nucleotide polymorphism analysis.
Novel association of ABO histo-blood group antigen with soluble ICAM-1: results of a genome-wide association study of 6,578 women.
Genome-wide association analysis in sarcoidosis and Crohn's disease unravels a common susceptibility locus on 10p12.2.
SLCO1B1 variants and statin-induced myopathy--a genomewide study.
PTPRD (protein tyrosine phosphatase receptor type delta) is associated with restless legs syndrome.
Genome-wide association study of rheumatoid arthritis in the Spanish population: KLF12 as a risk locus for rheumatoid arthritis susceptibility.
Genetic variants near TNFAIP3 on 6q23 are associated with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Collaborative genome-wide association analysis supports a role for ANK3 and CACNA1C in bipolar disorder.
Variants in KCNQ1 are associated with susceptibility to type 2 diabetes mellitus.
SNPs in KCNQ1 are associated with susceptibility to type 2 diabetes in East Asian and European populations.
Genome-wide scan on total serum IgE levels identifies FCER1A as novel susceptibility locus.
A genome-wide association study identifies six susceptibility loci for chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
Loci on 20q13 and 21q22 are associated with pediatric-onset inflammatory bowel disease.
Association of a common nonsynonymous variant in GLUT9 with serum uric acid levels in old order amish.
Common variants of FUT2 are associated with plasma vitamin B12 levels.
Identification of PLCL1 gene for hip bone size variation in females in a genome-wide association study.
Sequence variant on 8q24 confers susceptibility to urinary bladder cancer.
Common variants at CD40 and other loci confer risk of rheumatoid arthritis.
Genome-wide association study of response to methylphenidate in 187 children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Variant between CPT1B and CHKB associated with susceptibility to narcolepsy.
A genome-wide association study for late-onset Alzheimer's disease using DNA pooling.
Association of three genetic loci with uric acid concentration and risk of gout: a genome-wide association study.
A genome-wide association study identifies an association of a common variant in TERT with susceptibility to idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
Risk variants for atrial fibrillation on chromosome 4q25 associate with ischemic stroke.
Sequence variants in IL10, ARPC2 and multiple other loci contribute to ulcerative colitis susceptibility.
Follow-up analysis of genome-wide association data identifies novel loci for type 1 diabetes.
Susceptibility variants for male-pattern baldness on chromosome 20p11.
Male-pattern baldness susceptibility locus at 20p11.
Common variants on 1p36 and 1q42 are associated with cutaneous basal cell carcinoma but not with melanoma or pigmentation traits.
Common variants in the JAZF1 gene associated with height identified by linkage and genome-wide association analysis.
Genome-wide association analysis reveals putative Alzheimer's disease susceptibility loci in addition to APOE.
Common 5p15.33 and 6p21.33 variants influence lung cancer risk.
Lung cancer susceptibility locus at 5p15.33.
Screening for replication of genome-wide SNP associations in sporadic ALS.
Genetic variation in the KIF1B locus influences susceptibility to multiple sclerosis.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association data identifies four new susceptibility loci for colorectal cancer.
Genome-wide association scan for stature in Chinese: evidence for ethnic specific loci.
Genome-wide association scan for five major dimensions of personality.
Variants in MTNR1B influence fasting glucose levels.
Adiposity-related heterogeneity in patterns of type 2 diabetes susceptibility observed in genome-wide association data.
A variant near MTNR1B is associated with increased fasting plasma glucose levels and type 2 diabetes risk.
Variants in TF and HFE explain approximately 40% of genetic variation in serum-transferrin levels.
Novel association of HK1 with glycated hemoglobin in a non-diabetic population: a genome-wide evaluation of 14,618 participants in the Women's Genome Health Study.
A genome-wide association study identifies three loci associated with mean platelet volume.
Genomewide association study of an AIDS-nonprogression cohort emphasizes the role played by HLA genes (ANRS Genomewide Association Study 02).
Sequence variants at 22q13 are associated with prostate cancer risk.
Ulcerative colitis-risk loci on chromosomes 1p36 and 12q15 found by genome-wide association study.
A genome-wide association study identifies novel and functionally related susceptibility Loci for Kawasaki disease.
Genetic variation in PCDH11X is associated with susceptibility to late-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Sequence variants at the TERT-CLPTM1L locus associate with many cancer types.
Genome-wide linkage and association analyses to identify genes influencing adiponectin levels: the GEMS Study.
Psoriasis genome-wide association study identifies susceptibility variants within LCE gene cluster at 1q21.
Common variation in the beta-carotene 15,15'-monooxygenase 1 gene affects circulating levels of carotenoids: a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association study of anthropometric traits in Korcula Island, Croatia.
Polymorphism in the CETP gene region, HDL cholesterol, and risk of future myocardial infarction: Genomewide analysis among 18 245 initially healthy women from the Women's Genome Health Study.
Alpha-T-catenin (CTNNA3) gene was identified as a risk variant for toluene diisocyanate-induced asthma by genome-wide association analysis.
Genome-wide association study of acute post-surgical pain in humans.
Genome-wide association study of biochemical traits in Korcula Island, Croatia.
Genome-wide association study identifies NRG1 as a susceptibility locus for Hirschsprung's disease.
Common variants on 9q22.33 and 14q13.3 predispose to thyroid cancer in European populations.
Sequence variants affecting eosinophil numbers associate with asthma and myocardial infarction.
A novel variant on chromosome 7q22.3 associated with mean platelet volume, counts, and function.
Genome-wide association study identifies a new breast cancer susceptibility locus at 6q25.1.
Genome-wide association study of electrocardiographic conduction measures in an isolated founder population: Kosrae.
Genome-wide and candidate gene association study of cigarette smoking behaviors.
Genome-wide association and replication studies identified TRHR as an important gene for lean body mass.
Key susceptibility locus for nonsyndromic cleft lip with or without cleft palate on chromosome 8q24.
Common susceptibility alleles are unlikely to contribute as strongly as the FV and ABO loci to VTE risk: results from a GWAS approach.
Genome-wide association study of determinants of anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide antibody titer in adults with rheumatoid arthritis.
Genome-wide association study of vitamin B6, vitamin B12, folate, and homocysteine blood concentrations.
A genome-wide association study confirms VKORC1, CYP2C9, and CYP4F2 as principal genetic determinants of warfarin dose.
A genome-wide association study in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD): identification of two major susceptibility loci.
A genome-wide association study of pulmonary function measures in the Framingham Heart Study.
Genome-wide scan identifies CDH13 as a novel susceptibility locus contributing to blood pressure determination in two European populations.
A multistage genome-wide association study in breast cancer identifies two new risk alleles at 1p11.2 and 14q24.1 (RAD51L1).
Association of novel genetic Loci with circulating fibrinogen levels: a genome-wide association study in 6 population-based cohorts.
Novel associations of CPS1, MUT, NOX4, and DPEP1 with plasma homocysteine in a healthy population: a genome-wide evaluation of 13 974 participants in the Women's Genome Health Study.
COL4A1 is associated with arterial stiffness by genome-wide association scan.
Genome-wide association study of tanning phenotype in a population of European ancestry.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide scans for human adult stature identifies novel Loci and associations with measures of skeletal frame size.
A common variant on chromosome 11q13 is associated with atopic dermatitis.
A genome-wide association study identifies a novel locus on chromosome 18q12.2 influencing white cell telomere length.
Identification of genetic markers associated with high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol by genome-wide screening in a Japanese population: the Suita study.
Genomewide association studies of stroke.
A large-scale genome-wide association study of Asian populations uncovers genetic factors influencing eight quantitative traits.
Common genetic variants on 5p14.1 associate with autism spectrum disorders.
Newly discovered breast cancer susceptibility loci on 3p24 and 17q23.2.
Common variations in BARD1 influence susceptibility to high-risk neuroblastoma.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis for total serum bilirubin levels.
Genome-wide association and meta-analysis of bipolar disorder in individuals of European ancestry.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies PDE4D as an asthma-susceptibility gene.
Genome-wide association study identifies sequence variants on 6q21 associated with age at menarche.
Loci at chromosomes 13, 19 and 20 influence age at natural menopause.
Genetic variation in LIN28B is associated with the timing of puberty.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association data identifies two loci influencing age at menarche.
Reduced expression of the Kinesin-Associated Protein 3 (KIFAP3) gene increases survival in sporadic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Primary biliary cirrhosis associated with HLA, IL12A, and IL12RB2 variants.
A genome-wide association study identifies ITGA9 conferring risk of nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Common variation in KITLG and at 5q31.3 predisposes to testicular germ cell cancer.
HLA-B*5701 genotype is a major determinant of drug-induced liver injury due to flucloxacillin.
Genome-wide association study of bipolar disorder in European American and African American individuals.
Meta-analysis of 28,141 individuals identifies common variants within five new loci that influence uric acid concentrations.
REL, encoding a member of the NF-kappaB family of transcription factors, is a newly defined risk locus for rheumatoid arthritis.
Genome-wide association study identifies new multiple sclerosis susceptibility loci on chromosomes 12 and 20.
Meta-analysis of genome scans and replication identify CD6, IRF8 and TNFRSF1A as new multiple sclerosis susceptibility loci.
NRXN3 is a novel locus for waist circumference: a genome-wide association study from the CHARGE Consortium.
Sequence variants in the CLDN14 gene associate with kidney stones and bone mineral density.
Genetic Loci associated with C-reactive protein levels and risk of coronary heart disease.
A genome-wide association study of northwestern Europeans involves the C-type natriuretic peptide signaling pathway in the etiology of human height variation.
Genome-wide association study of alcohol dependence.
A genome-wide association study of acenocoumarol maintenance dosage.
Genome-wide association study identifies five susceptibility loci for glioma.
Variants in the CDKN2B and RTEL1 regions are associated with high-grade glioma susceptibility.
Genome-wide association study identifies three loci associated with melanoma risk.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants at 9p21 and 22q13 associated with development of cutaneous nevi.
Common genetic variation near the phospholamban gene is associated with cardiac repolarisation: meta-analysis of three genome-wide association studies.
A sequence variant in ZFHX3 on 16q22 associates with atrial fibrillation and ischemic stroke.
Variants in ZFHX3 are associated with atrial fibrillation in individuals of European ancestry.
A genome-wide association study of hypertension and blood pressure in African Americans.
Genetic variants at 6p21.33 are associated with susceptibility to follicular lymphoma.
A genome-wide association scan of RR and QT interval duration in 3 European genetically isolated populations: the EUROSPAN project.
Genome-wide association scan identifies variants near Matrix Metalloproteinase (MMP) genes on chromosome 11q21-22 strongly associated with serum MMP-1 levels.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants in the ABO locus associated with susceptibility to pancreatic cancer.
A genome-wide association study identifies a new ovarian cancer susceptibility locus on 9p22.2.
Genetic variation in the prostate stem cell antigen gene PSCA confers susceptibility to urinary bladder cancer.
A genome-wide association study identifies a locus for nonsyndromic cleft lip with or without cleft palate on 8q24.
Common genetic variation near melatonin receptor MTNR1B contributes to raised plasma glucose and increased risk of type 2 diabetes among Indian Asians and European Caucasians.
Deciphering the impact of common genetic variation on lung cancer risk: a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association study reveals multiple nasopharyngeal carcinoma-associated loci within the HLA region at chromosome 6p21.3.
Loci on 7p12.2, 10q21.2 and 14q11.2 are associated with risk of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Germline genomic variants associated with childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Functional variants in ADH1B and ALDH2 coupled with alcohol and smoking synergistically enhance esophageal cancer risk.
Association of cytochrome P450 2C19 genotype with the antiplatelet effect and clinical efficacy of clopidogrel therapy.
Genome-wide association study implicates chromosome 9q21.31 as a susceptibility locus for asthma in mexican children.
Powerful bivariate genome-wide association analyses suggest the SOX6 gene influencing both obesity and osteoporosis phenotypes in males.
Genome-wide association study of exercise behavior in Dutch and American adults.
Genetic variation in GPR133 is associated with height: genome wide association study in the self-contained population of Sorbs.
Genetic variant near IRS1 is associated with type 2 diabetes, insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia.
Genome-wide association study identifies 19p13.3 (UNC13A) and 9p21.2 as susceptibility loci for sporadic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants at CLU and PICALM associated with Alzheimer's disease.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants at CLU and CR1 associated with Alzheimer's disease.
Genome-wide significant predictors of metabolites in the one-carbon metabolism pathway.
IL28B is associated with response to chronic hepatitis C interferon-alpha and ribavirin therapy.
Genome-wide association of IL28B with response to pegylated interferon-alpha and ribavirin therapy for chronic hepatitis C.
Genome-wide association and replication studies identify four variants associated with prostate cancer susceptibility.
Genomewide association study for onset age in Parkinson disease.
A genome-wide association analysis identified a novel susceptible locus for pathological myopia at 11q24.1.
First genome-wide association scan on neurophysiological endophenotypes points to trans-regulation effects on SLC2A3 in dyslexic children.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants in TMPRSS6 associated with hemoglobin levels.
Common variants in TMPRSS6 are associated with iron status and erythrocyte volume.
A genome-wide association study of lung cancer identifies a region of chromosome 5p15 associated with risk for adenocarcinoma.
A genomewide association study of citalopram response in major depressive disorder.
Sequence variants in three loci influence monocyte counts and erythrocyte volume.
Linkage and genome-wide association analysis of obesity-related phenotypes: association of weight with the MGAT1 gene.
Genomewide association study of movement-related adverse antipsychotic effects.
IL21R and PTH may underlie variation of femoral neck bone mineral density as revealed by a genome-wide association study.
A genome-wide association analysis of serum iron concentrations.
Genome-wide association study of generalized vitiligo in an isolated European founder population identifies SMOC2, in close proximity to IDDM8.
A genome-wide association study identifies GLT6D1 as a susceptibility locus for periodontitis.
Germline genetic variation in an organic anion transporter polypeptide associated with methotrexate pharmacokinetics and clinical effects.
A genome-wide association study identifies three new susceptibility loci for ulcerative colitis in the Japanese population.
Common variants at five new loci associated with early-onset inflammatory bowel disease.
Genome-wide association study reveals genetic risk underlying Parkinson's disease.
A genome-wide association study reveals variants in ARL15 that influence adiponectin levels.
Fetal hemoglobin in sickle cell anemia: genome-wide association studies suggest a regulatory region in the 5' olfactory receptor gene cluster.
Genome-wide association study identifies two susceptibility loci for nonsyndromic cleft lip with or without cleft palate.
Variants of DENND1B associated with asthma in children.
Quantitative trait loci for CD4:CD8 lymphocyte ratio are associated with risk of type 1 diabetes and HIV-1 immune control.
A genome-wide association study of amygdala activation in youths with and without bipolar disorder.
Genetic variation in IL28B is associated with chronic hepatitis C and treatment failure: a genome-wide association study.
A genome-wide association study identifies an osteoarthritis susceptibility locus on chromosome 7q22.
Modeling of environmental effects in genome-wide association studies identifies SLC2A2 and HP as novel loci influencing serum cholesterol levels.
Genome-wide association study identifies ALDH7A1 as a novel susceptibility gene for osteoporosis.
Genetic variation in SCN10A influences cardiac conduction.
Genome-wide association study of ankylosing spondylitis identifies non-MHC susceptibility loci.
Genome-wide association study confirms SNPs in SNCA and the MAPT region as common risk factors for Parkinson disease.
A genome-wide association study for age-related hearing impairment in the Saami.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association data identifies a risk locus for major mood disorders on 3p21.1.
Genetic variation in GIPR influences the glucose and insulin responses to an oral glucose challenge.
Association of JAG1 with bone mineral density and osteoporotic fractures: a genome-wide association study and follow-up replication studies.
A genome-wide association study identifies pancreatic cancer susceptibility loci on chromosomes 13q22.1, 1q32.1 and 5p15.33.
Genome-wide association study of asthma identifies RAD50-IL13 and HLA-DR/DQ regions.
Genome-wide association study of recurrent early-onset major depressive disorder.
Common variants near TERC are associated with mean telomere length.
A weighted false discovery rate control procedure reveals alleles at FOXA2 that influence fasting glucose levels.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants at the IL18-BCO2 locus associated with interleukin-18 levels.
Genome-wide association study in Asian populations identifies variants in ETS1 and WDFY4 associated with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Genome-wide association study in a high-risk isolate for multiple sclerosis reveals associated variants in STAT3 gene.
Genome-wide association study of homocysteine levels in Filipinos provides evidence for CPS1 in women and a stronger MTHFR effect in young adults.
Large-scale genomic studies reveal central role of ABO in sP-selectin and sICAM-1 levels.
Common variations in PSMD3-CSF3 and PLCB4 are associated with neutrophil count.
A genome-wide association study identifies susceptibility variants for type 2 diabetes in Han Chinese.
Variants in FAM13A are associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Common variants in KCNN3 are associated with lone atrial fibrillation.
Genetic variants in ABO blood group region, plasma soluble E-selectin levels and risk of type 2 diabetes.
Genome-wide association study identifies polymorphisms in LEPR as determinants of plasma soluble leptin receptor levels.
Gene variants associated with schizophrenia in a Norwegian genome-wide study are replicated in a large European cohort.
A genome-wide association study in 19 633 Japanese subjects identified LHX3-QSOX2 and IGF1 as adult height loci.
Genome-wide analysis reveals novel genes influencing temporal lobe structure with relevance to neurodegeneration in Alzheimer's disease.
Common variants at 5q22 associate with pediatric eosinophilic esophagitis.
Genome-wide association study for ulcerative colitis identifies risk loci at 7q22 and 22q13 (IL17REL).
Chemerin, a novel adipokine in the regulation of angiogenesis.
A variant in LIN28B is associated with 2D:4D finger-length ratio, a putative retrospective biomarker of prenatal testosterone exposure.
Common variants of large effect in F12, KNG1, and HRG are associated with activated partial thromboplastin time.
New sequence variants in HLA class II/III region associated with susceptibility to knee osteoarthritis identified by genome-wide association study.
A meta-analysis of four genome-wide association studies of survival to age 90 years or older: the Cohorts for Heart and Aging Research in Genomic Epidemiology Consortium.
Genetic variants and risk of lung cancer in never smokers: a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association of lipid-lowering response to statins in combined study populations.
A sequence variant at 4p16.3 confers susceptibility to urinary bladder cancer.
The FOXE1 locus is a major genetic determinant for radiation-related thyroid carcinoma in Chernobyl.
Genome-wide association study of normal tension glaucoma: common variants in SRBD1 and ELOVL5 contribute to disease susceptibility.
Variants in ADCY5 and near CCNL1 are associated with fetal growth and birth weight.
Genetic loci influencing kidney function and chronic kidney disease.
Genome-wide association study of systemic sclerosis identifies CD247 as a new susceptibility locus.
Genome-wide association study of advanced age-related macular degeneration identifies a role of the hepatic lipase gene (LIPC).
Genome-wide association study of bipolar I disorder in the Han Chinese population.
Genome-wide association identifies ATOH7 as a major gene determining human optic disc size.
Genome-wide association study of circulating vitamin D levels.
Genetic variants at 2q24 are associated with susceptibility to type 2 diabetes.
Meta-analysis and imputation refines the association of 15q25 with smoking quantity.
Sequence variants at CHRNB3-CHRNA6 and CYP2A6 affect smoking behavior.
Genome-wide meta-analyses identify multiple loci associated with smoking behavior.
Genome-wide association identifies OBFC1 as a locus involved in human leukocyte telomere biology.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants at CSF1, OPTN and TNFRSF11A as genetic risk factors for Paget's disease of bone.
A genome-wide association study of cleft lip with and without cleft palate identifies risk variants near MAFB and ABCA4.
A regulatory variant in CCR6 is associated with rheumatoid arthritis susceptibility.
Variants within the immunoregulatory CBLB gene are associated with multiple sclerosis.
Genome-wide association study identifies five new breast cancer susceptibility loci.
Genome-wide association study identifies a susceptibility locus for biliary atresia on 10q24.2.
Genome-wide analysis of genetic loci associated with Alzheimer disease.
Family-based genome-wide association scan of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
A genome-wide association study of nasopharyngeal carcinoma identifies three new susceptibility loci.
Genome-wide association study for vitiligo identifies susceptibility loci at 6q27 and the MHC.
Genetic regulation of serum phytosterol levels and risk of coronary artery disease.
Candidate genes for non-diabetic ESRD in African Americans: a genome-wide association study using pooled DNA.
Common genetic determinants of vitamin D insufficiency: a genome-wide association study.
A genome-wide association study of optic disc parameters.
Variants near DMRT1, TERT and ATF7IP are associated with testicular germ cell cancer.
Fucosyltransferase 2 (FUT2) non-secretor status is associated with Crohn's disease.
Identification of a functional genetic variant at 16q12.1 for breast cancer risk: results from the Asia Breast Cancer Consortium.
Genetic variations in GRIA1 on chromosome 5q33 related to asparaginase hypersensitivity.
Identification of evidence suggestive of an association with peripheral arterial disease at the OSBPL10 locus by genome-wide investigation in the Japanese population.
A genome-wide association study identifies genetic variants in the CDKN2BAS locus associated with endometriosis in Japanese.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants in the MHC class I, IL10, and IL23R-IL12RB2 regions associated with Behçet's disease.
Genome-wide association study identifies a sequence variant within the DAB2IP gene conferring susceptibility to abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Genome-wide association studies identify IL23R-IL12RB2 and IL10 as Behçet's disease susceptibility loci.
ITPA polymorphism affects ribavirin-induced anemia and outcomes of therapy--a genome-wide study of Japanese HCV virus patients.
Genome-wide association of serum bilirubin levels in Korean population.
Genome-wide association study of follicular lymphoma identifies a risk locus at 6p21.32.
A genome-wide study identifies HLA alleles associated with lumiracoxib-related liver injury.
Genome-wide meta-analysis for serum calcium identifies significantly associated SNPs near the calcium-sensing receptor (CASR) gene.
Identification of candidate loci at 6p21 and 21q22 in a genome-wide association study of cardiac manifestations of neonatal lupus.
A genome-wide scan for common alleles affecting risk for autism.
Genome-wide association-, replication-, and neuroimaging study implicates HOMER1 in the etiology of major depression.
Association of variants at UMOD with chronic kidney disease and kidney stones-role of age and comorbid diseases.
The perception of quinine taste intensity is associated with common genetic variants in a bitter receptor cluster on chromosome 12.
Genome-wide association study identifies 1p36.22 as a new susceptibility locus for hepatocellular carcinoma in chronic hepatitis B virus carriers.
The 5p15.33 locus is associated with risk of lung adenocarcinoma in never-smoking females in Asia.
Genome-wide association analyses identifies a susceptibility locus for tuberculosis on chromosome 18q11.2.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants in the CFH region associated with host susceptibility to meningococcal disease.
Association of IFIH1 and other autoimmunity risk alleles with selective IgA deficiency.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants associated with histologic features of nonalcoholic Fatty liver disease.
Genome-wide association study identifies new HLA class II haplotypes strongly protective against narcolepsy.
A genome-wide association study identifies four susceptibility loci for keloid in the Japanese population.
Common genetic variation in the HLA region is associated with late-onset sporadic Parkinson's disease.
New loci associated with central cornea thickness include COL5A1, AKAP13 and AVGR8.
A shared susceptibility locus in PLCE1 at 10q23 for gastric adenocarcinoma and esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.
Chromosome 9p21 in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in Finland: a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel loci for plasma levels of protein C: the ARIC study.
Genetic variation influences glutamate concentrations in brains of patients with multiple sclerosis.
A genome-wide association study in the Japanese population identifies susceptibility loci for type 2 diabetes at UBE2E2 and C2CD4A-C2CD4B.
Longitudinal genome-wide association of cardiovascular disease risk factors in the Bogalusa heart study.
Identification of new genetic risk variants for type 2 diabetes.
Dementia revealed: novel chromosome 6 locus for late-onset Alzheimer disease provides genetic evidence for folate-pathway abnormalities.
Genome-wide association study for adiponectin levels in Filipino women identifies CDH13 and a novel uncommon haplotype at KNG1-ADIPOQ.
Genome-wide associations and functional genomic studies of musculoskeletal adverse events in women receiving aromatase inhibitors.
A genome-wide association study reveals susceptibility variants for non-small cell lung cancer in the Korean population.
Genome-wide association study of increasing suicidal ideation during antidepressant treatment in the GENDEP project.
Chromosome 9p21 in sporadic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in the UK and seven other countries: a genome-wide association study.
A genome-wide meta-analysis identifies novel loci associated with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
Genome-wide association study to identify single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) associated with the development of erectile dysfunction in African-American men after radiotherapy for prostate cancer.
Adiponectin concentrations: a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association reveals genetic effects on human Aβ42 and τ protein levels in cerebrospinal fluids: a case control study.
Four novel Loci (19q13, 6q24, 12q24, and 5q14) influence the microcirculation in vivo.
Genome-wide association analysis of body mass in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
A genome-wide association study of Hodgkin's lymphoma identifies new susceptibility loci at 2p16.1 (REL), 8q24.21 and 10p14 (GATA3).
Identification of genomic predictors of atrioventricular conduction: using electronic medical records as a tool for genome science.
Genetic predictors of medically refractory ulcerative colitis.
ELF1 is associated with systemic lupus erythematosus in Asian populations.
PCSK6 is associated with handedness in individuals with dyslexia.
Genome-wide association study on overall survival of advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients treated with carboplatin and paclitaxel.
Genome-wide association study confirms BST1 and suggests a locus on 12q24 as the risk loci for Parkinson's disease in the European population.
Genome-wide association study identifies a new locus for coronary artery disease on chromosome 10p11.23.
Genome-wide association study identifies two novel regions at 11p15.5-p13 and 1p31 with major impact on acute-phase serum amyloid A.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis of cortical bone mineral density unravels allelic heterogeneity at the RANKL locus and potential pleiotropic effects on bone.
Genome-wide association studies reveal genetic variants in CTNND2 for high myopia in Singapore Chinese.
A genome-wide association analysis implicates SOX6 as a candidate gene for wrist bone mass.
Genome-wide pharmacogenomic study of neurocognition as an indicator of antipsychotic treatment response in schizophrenia.
SNPs on chromosome 5p15.3 associated with myocardial infarction in Japanese population.
Genome-wide interrogation identifies YAP1 variants associated with survival of small-cell lung cancer patients.
Genome-wide association with MRI atrophy measures as a quantitative trait locus for Alzheimer's disease.
Integrative genomics identifies LMO1 as a neuroblastoma oncogene.
A pilot genome-wide association study shows genomic variants enriched in the non-tumor cells of patients with well-differentiated neuroendocrine tumors of the ileum.
Novel association to the proprotein convertase PCSK7 gene locus revealed by analysing soluble transferrin receptor (sTfR) levels.
Genetic correction of PSA values using sequence variants associated with PSA levels.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies for personality.
Acetaminophen-NAPQI hepatotoxicity: a cell line model system genome-wide association study.
Common variants near ATM are associated with glycemic response to metformin in type 2 diabetes.
Genome-wide association study for C-reactive protein levels identified pleiotropic associations in the IL6 locus.
Genetic variation in NCAM1 contributes to left ventricular wall thickness in hypertensive families.
Genome-wide association studies of adolescent idiopathic scoliosis suggest candidate susceptibility genes.
A genome-wide association study identifies novel loci associated with circulating IGF-I and IGFBP-3.
A genome-wide association analysis reveals 1p31 and 2p13.3 as susceptibility loci for Kawasaki disease.
IL-28B predicts response to chronic hepatitis C therapy--fine-mapping and replication study in Asian populations.
Novel breast cancer susceptibility locus at 9q31.2: results of a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association studies identify genetic loci related to alcohol consumption in Korean men.
Common variants in ZNF365 are associated with both mammographic density and breast cancer risk.
Genome-wide association study of diabetic retinopathy in a Taiwanese population.
Genome-wide association studies in Asians confirm the involvement of ATOH7 and TGFBR3, and further identify CARD10 as a novel locus influencing optic disc area.
Genome-wide association of familial late-onset Alzheimer's disease replicates BIN1 and CLU and nominates CUGBP2 in interaction with APOE.
Genome-wide analysis identifies a quantitative trait locus in the MHC class II region associated with generalized vitiligo age of onset.
Genome-wide association study identifies genetic variants influencing F-cell levels in sickle-cell patients.
Risk HLA-DQA1 and PLA(2)R1 alleles in idiopathic membranous nephropathy.
Genome-wide association study identifies genetic variation in neurocan as a susceptibility factor for bipolar disorder.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies in celiac disease and rheumatoid arthritis identifies fourteen non-HLA shared loci.
Meta-analysis for genome-wide association study identifies multiple variants at the BIN1 locus associated with late-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Genome-wide association study identifies single nucleotide polymorphism in DYRK1A associated with replication of HIV-1 in monocyte-derived macrophages.
Association of intronic sequence variant in the gene encoding spleen tyrosine kinase with susceptibility to vascular dementia.
Confirmation of ALDH2 as a Major locus of drinking behavior and of its variants regulating multiple metabolic phenotypes in a Japanese population.
Differential genetic associations for systemic lupus erythematosus based on anti-dsDNA autoantibody production.
Cerivastatin, genetic variants, and the risk of rhabdomyolysis.
Genome-wide association study identifies a single major locus contributing to survival into old age; the APOE locus revisited.
A genome-wide association study of attempted suicide.
Genome-wide meta-analysis for severe diabetic retinopathy.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association for migraine in six population-based European cohorts.
Genome-wide association study identifies genetic loci associated with iron deficiency.
Common variants at ABCA7, MS4A6A/MS4A4E, EPHA1, CD33 and CD2AP are associated with Alzheimer's disease.
A genome-wide association study identifies three loci associated with susceptibility to uterine fibroids.
Common variants at MS4A4/MS4A6E, CD2AP, CD33 and EPHA1 are associated with late-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Genome-wide association and genetic functional studies identify autism susceptibility candidate 2 gene (AUTS2) in the regulation of alcohol consumption.
Common variants on 14q32 and 13q12 are associated with DLBCL susceptibility.
Genome-wide association study identifies nidogen 1 (NID1) as a susceptibility locus to cutaneous nevi and melanoma risk.
Genome-wide association study of survival in non-small cell lung cancer patients receiving platinum-based chemotherapy.
Impact of DISC1 variation on neuroanatomical and neurocognitive phenotypes.
Susceptibility to amoxicillin-clavulanate-induced liver injury is influenced by multiple HLA class I and II alleles.
Eight common genetic variants associated with serum DHEAS levels suggest a key role in ageing mechanisms.
Genome-wide association study identifies a common variant associated with risk of endometrial cancer.
Genome-wide association study identifies a susceptibility locus for HCV-induced hepatocellular carcinoma.
The human AIRE gene at chromosome 21q22 is a genetic determinant for the predisposition to rheumatoid arthritis in Japanese population.
A genome-wide association study reveals association between common variants in an intergenic region of 4q25 and high-grade myopia in the Chinese Han population.
Genetic predictors of fibrin D-dimer levels in healthy adults.
GWAS of follicular lymphoma reveals allelic heterogeneity at 6p21.32 and suggests shared genetic susceptibility with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.
Genome-wide association analysis of soluble ICAM-1 concentration reveals novel associations at the NFKBIK, PNPLA3, RELA, and SH2B3 loci.
A genome-wide association study on obesity and obesity-related traits.
Chromosome 7p11.2 (EGFR) variation influences glioma risk.
Genome-wide association study implicates PARD3B-based AIDS restriction.
Duffy-null-associated low neutrophil counts influence HIV-1 susceptibility in high-risk South African black women.
Genome-wide association study identifies susceptibility loci for open angle glaucoma at TMCO1 and CDKN2B-AS1.
Genome-wide association scan for survival on dialysis in African-Americans with type 2 diabetes.
A second independent locus within DMRT1 is associated with testicular germ cell tumor susceptibility.
A genome-wide association study of metabolic traits in human urine.
Common variants in a novel gene, FONG on chromosome 2q33.1 confer risk of osteoporosis in Japanese.
Genome-wide association study of prostate cancer in men of African ancestry identifies a susceptibility locus at 17q21.
Association study on long-living individuals from Southern Italy identifies rs10491334 in the CAMKIV gene that regulates survival proteins.
Genome-wide association analysis of gender differences in major depressive disorder in the Netherlands NESDA and NTR population-based samples.
Genome-wide association identifies three new susceptibility loci for Paget's disease of bone.
The membrane-spanning 4-domains, subfamily A (MS4A) gene cluster contains a common variant associated with Alzheimer's disease.
Genetic variants at 13q12.12 are associated with high myopia in the Han Chinese population.
Mayo Genome Consortia: a genotype-phenotype resource for genome-wide association studies with an application to the analysis of circulating bilirubin levels.
Genome-wide association with C-reactive protein levels in CLHNS: evidence for the CRP and HNF1A loci and their interaction with exposure to a pathogenic environment.
Genome-wide association and meta-analysis in populations from Starr County, Texas, and Mexico City identify type 2 diabetes susceptibility loci and enrichment for expression quantitative trait loci in top signals.
Association between single nucleotide polymorphism-genotype and outcome of patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia in a randomized chemotherapy trial.
Genome-wide association study identified ITPA/DDRGK1 variants reflecting thrombocytopenia in pegylated interferon and ribavirin therapy for chronic hepatitis C.
Common variants near FRK/COL10A1 and VEGFA are associated with advanced age-related macular degeneration.
Genome-wide association study identifies two loci strongly affecting transferrin glycosylation.
Association of variants in FRAP1 and PDGFRA with corneal curvature in Asian populations from Singapore.
Genome-wide association study reveals three susceptibility loci for common migraine in the general population.
Genome-wide association study identifies two new susceptibility loci for atopic dermatitis in the Chinese Han population.
Genome-wide association study of smoking behaviours in patients with COPD.
Genome-wide association studies of cerebral white matter lesion burden: the CHARGE consortium.
Genome-wide association analysis of age at onset in schizophrenia in a European-American sample.
A meta-analysis of two genome-wide association studies identifies 3 new loci for alcohol dependence.
Complement receptor 1 gene variants are associated with erythrocyte sedimentation rate.
Novel locus FER is associated with serum HMW adiponectin levels.
Genome-wide association of BMI in African Americans.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel alleles associated with risk of cutaneous basal cell carcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma.
Web-based genome-wide association study identifies two novel loci and a substantial genetic component for Parkinson's disease.
A unique genome-wide association analysis in extended Utah high-risk pedigrees identifies a novel melanoma risk variant on chromosome arm 10q.
Genome wide association study identifies KCNMA1 contributing to human obesity.
A genome-wide association study confirms APOE as the major gene influencing survival in long-lived individuals.
Genome-wide association study of white blood cell count in 16,388 African Americans: the continental origins and genetic epidemiology network (COGENT).
Variation in the DEPDC5 locus is associated with progression to hepatocellular carcinoma in chronic hepatitis C virus carriers.
A genome-wide association study identifies two new lung cancer susceptibility loci at 13q12.12 and 22q12.2 in Han Chinese.
Genome-wide association study identifies common variants associated with circulating vitamin E levels.
Wnt signaling and Dupuytren's disease.
Genome-wide scan identifies TNIP1, PSORS1C1, and RHOB as novel risk loci for systemic sclerosis.
Genome-wide association study identifies new prostate cancer susceptibility loci.
European genome-wide association study identifies SLC14A1 as a new urinary bladder cancer susceptibility gene.
A genome-wide association study of chronic hepatitis B identified novel risk locus in a Japanese population.
Identification of novel genetic markers associated with clinical phenotypes of systemic sclerosis through a genome-wide association strategy.
Assessment of genetic determinants of the association of γ' fibrinogen in relation to cardiovascular disease.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel restless legs syndrome susceptibility loci on 2p14 and 16q12.1.
Identification of cis- and trans-acting genetic variants explaining up to half the variation in circulating vascular endothelial growth factor levels.
Genetic determinants of cardiovascular events among women with migraine: a genome-wide association study.
A genome-wide association study of hepatitis B vaccine response in an Indonesian population reveals multiple independent risk variants in the HLA region.
Meta-analysis of new genome-wide association studies of colorectal cancer risk.
Genome-wide association study for serum urate concentrations and gout among African Americans identifies genomic risk loci and a novel URAT1 loss-of-function allele.
A genome-wide association study reveals a quantitative trait locus of adiponectin on CDH13 that predicts cardiometabolic outcomes.
Genome-wide association study on bipolar disorder in the Bulgarian population.
Genome-wide association study identifies HLA-DP as a susceptibility gene for pediatric asthma in Asian populations.
A genome-wide association study confirms previously reported loci for type 2 diabetes in Han Chinese.
Genome-wide association study identifies three new susceptibility loci for adult asthma in the Japanese population.
Common variation at 10p12.31 near MLLT10 influences meningioma risk.
Genome-wide association study identifies variations in 6p21.3 associated with nevirapine-induced rash.
Association of genetic variants on 15q12 with cortical thickness and cognition in schizophrenia.
Genome-wide association study identifies candidate genes for Parkinson's disease in an Ashkenazi Jewish population.
A genome-wide association study of bladder cancer identifies a new susceptibility locus within SLC14A1, a urea transporter gene on chromosome 18q12.3.
DPP6 as a candidate gene for neuroleptic-induced tardive dyskinesia.
A genome-wide association study identifies two new risk loci for Graves' disease.
Common variants at the promoter region of the APOM confer a risk of rheumatoid arthritis.
A variant in MCF2L is associated with osteoarthritis.
The 18p11.22 locus is associated with never smoker non-small cell lung cancer susceptibility in Korean populations.
Genome-wide association analysis of coffee drinking suggests association with CYP1A1/CYP1A2 and NRCAM.
A genome-wide association study identifies a region at chromosome 12 as a potential susceptibility locus for restenosis after percutaneous coronary intervention.
Genome-wide association study of circulating retinol levels.
Genetic variants, plasma lipoprotein(a) levels, and risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality among two prospective cohorts of type 2 diabetes.
Genome-wide association study identifies genetic variants in GOT1 determining serum aspartate aminotransferase levels.
Genome-wide association study identifies four loci associated with eruption of permanent teeth.
Genome-wide association study identifies breast cancer risk variant at 10q21.2: results from the Asia Breast Cancer Consortium.
Identification of IL6R and chromosome 11q13.5 as risk loci for asthma.
Genome-wide association study of HPV seropositivity.
Genome-wide association study identifies two susceptibility loci for exudative age-related macular degeneration in the Japanese population.
A whole-genome association study of major determinants for allopurinol-related Stevens-Johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis in Japanese patients.
Genome-wide association study identifies five new schizophrenia loci.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel loci predisposing to cutaneous melanoma.
A germline variant in the TP53 polyadenylation signal confers cancer susceptibility.
A genome-wide association study with DNA pooling identifies the variant rs11866328 in the GRIN2A gene that affects disease progression of chronic HBV infection.
A genome-wide association study identifies a potential novel gene locus for keratoconus, one of the commonest causes for corneal transplantation in developed countries.
Genetic determinants of serum testosterone concentrations in men.
Identification, replication, and fine-mapping of Loci associated with adult height in individuals of african ancestry.
Variants near FOXE1 are associated with hypothyroidism and other thyroid conditions: using electronic medical records for genome- and phenome-wide studies.
Genome-wide association study identifies a new melanoma susceptibility locus at 1q21.3.
Genome-wide association study identifies three new melanoma susceptibility loci.
Eight genetic loci associated with variation in lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 mass and activity and coronary heart disease: meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies from five community-based studies.
Genome-wide association study identifies susceptibility loci for dengue shock syndrome at MICB and PLCE1.
Large-scale genome-wide association study of Asian population reveals genetic factors in FRMD4A and other loci influencing smoking initiation and nicotine dependence.
A genome-wide association study identifies a novel susceptibility locus for renal cell carcinoma on 12p11.23.
Association of 8q22.3 locus in Chinese Han with idiopathic premature ovarian failure (POF).
Genome-wide significant association between alcohol dependence and a variant in the ADH gene cluster.
Genome-wide association analysis of age-at-onset in Alzheimer's disease.
Genome-wide association study of Alzheimer's disease with psychotic symptoms.
Genome-wide scan for loci of adolescent obesity and their relationship with blood pressure.
A genome-wide screen for interactions reveals a new locus on 4p15 modifying the effect of waist-to-hip ratio on total cholesterol.
Polymorphic markers associated with severe oxaliplatin-induced, chronic peripheral neuropathy in colon cancer patients.
Identification of two new loci at IL23R and RAB32 that influence susceptibility to leprosy.
A genome-wide association study identifies common variants near LBX1 associated with adolescent idiopathic scoliosis.
Susceptibility variants on chromosome 7p21.1 suggest HDAC9 as a new candidate gene for male-pattern baldness.
Genome-wide association study identifies a susceptibility locus for schizophrenia in Han Chinese at 11p11.2.
A common variant at the TERT-CLPTM1L locus is associated with estrogen receptor-negative breast cancer.
Common variants on 8p12 and 1q24.2 confer risk of schizophrenia.
A genome-wide association study identifies new susceptibility loci for non-cardia gastric cancer at 3q13.31 and 5p13.1.
Genetic variants associated with the white blood cell count in 13,923 subjects in the eMERGE Network.
A genome-wide meta-analysis of genetic variants associated with allergic rhinitis and grass sensitization and their interaction with birth order.
Loci affecting gamma-glutamyl transferase in adults and adolescents show age × SNP interaction and cardiometabolic disease associations.
A genome-wide scan for common variants affecting the rate of age-related cognitive decline.
Abdominal aortic aneurysm is associated with a variant in low-density lipoprotein receptor-related protein 1.
Bivariate genome-wide association analyses of femoral neck bone geometry and appendicular lean mass.
CDH13 gene coding T-cadherin influences variations in plasma adiponectin levels in the Japanese population.
Common genetic variation in the 3'-BCL11B gene desert is associated with carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity and excess cardiovascular disease risk: the AortaGen Consortium.
A genome-wide association study of plasma total IgE concentrations in the Framingham Heart Study.
Clinical and genetic association of serum ceruloplasmin with cardiovascular risk.
A genome-wide association study of COPD identifies a susceptibility locus on chromosome 19q13.
Identification of germline susceptibility loci in ETV6-RUNX1-rearranged childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Genome-wide association study identifies FCGR2A as a susceptibility locus for Kawasaki disease.
A genome-wide meta-analysis of nodular sclerosing Hodgkin lymphoma identifies risk loci at 6p21.32.
Genome-wide association study identifies multiple novel loci associated with disease progression in subjects with mild cognitive impairment.
UGT1A1 is a major locus influencing bilirubin levels in African Americans.
Two-stage genome-wide association study identifies variants in CAMSAP1L1 as susceptibility loci for epilepsy in Chinese.
Common variation at 3p22.1 and 7p15.3 influences multiple myeloma risk.
Genome-wide study identifies PTPRO and WDR72 and FOXQ1-SUMO1P1 interaction associated with neurocognitive function.
Genome-wide study links MTMR7 gene to variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob risk.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of five Asian cohorts identifies PDGFRA as a susceptibility locus for corneal astigmatism.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies novel multiple sclerosis susceptibility loci.
New variants at 10q26 and 15q21 are associated with aggressive prostate cancer in a genome-wide association study from a prostate biopsy screening cohort.
Genes linked to energy metabolism and immunoregulatory mechanisms are associated with subcutaneous adipose tissue distribution in HIV-infected men.
A genome-wide association study in Han Chinese identifies new susceptibility loci for ankylosing spondylitis.
Genome-wide association study for coronary artery calcification with follow-up in myocardial infarction.
A genome-wide association study of overall survival in pancreatic cancer patients treated with gemcitabine in CALGB 80303.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of psoriatic arthritis identifies susceptibility locus at REL.
Polymorphisms in B3GAT1, SLC9A9 and MGAT5 are associated with variation within the human plasma N-glycome of 3533 European adults.
A genome-wide association study identifies locus at 10q22 associated with clinical outcomes of adjuvant tamoxifen therapy for breast cancer patients in Japanese.
Genome-wide association study meta-analysis of European and Asian-ancestry samples identifies three novel loci associated with bipolar disorder.
Association between chromosome 9p21 variants and the ankle-brachial index identified by a meta-analysis of 21 genome-wide association studies.
A genome-wide association study in Han Chinese identifies multiple susceptibility loci for IgA nephropathy.
A genome-wide association study in Chinese men identifies three risk loci for non-obstructive azoospermia.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies three new risk loci for atopic dermatitis.
Genome-wide associated loci influencing interleukin (IL)-10, IL-1Ra, and IL-6 levels in African Americans.
A genome-wide association and gene-environment interaction study for serum triglycerides levels in a healthy Chinese male population.
Genome-wide association study in multiple human prion diseases suggests genetic risk factors additional to PRNP.
Identification of novel germline polymorphisms governing capecitabine sensitivity.
A genome-wide association search for type 2 diabetes genes in African Americans.
A genome-wide search for loci interacting with known prostate cancer risk-associated genetic variants.
Genome-wide association of serum uric acid concentration: replication of sequence variants in an island population of the Adriatic coast of Croatia.
Novel genetic markers of breast cancer survival identified by a genome-wide association study.
A genome-wide association study of gestational diabetes mellitus in Korean women.
Genome wide association study for plasma levels of natural anticoagulant inhibitors and protein C anticoagulant pathway: the MARTHA project.
Genome-wide association study of N370S homozygous Gaucher disease reveals the candidacy of CLN8 gene as a genetic modifier contributing to extreme phenotypic variation.
Discovery of common variants associated with low TSH levels and thyroid cancer risk.
A genome-wide association study identified AFF1 as a susceptibility locus for systemic lupus eyrthematosus in Japanese.
A genome-wide association scan on the levels of markers of inflammation in Sardinians reveals associations that underpin its complex regulation.
Genome-wide association study of classical Hodgkin lymphoma and Epstein-Barr virus status-defined subgroups.
Genome-wide association study for intracranial aneurysm in the Japanese population identifies three candidate susceptible loci and a functional genetic variant at EDNRA.
1000 Genomes-based imputation identifies novel and refined associations for the Wellcome Trust Case Control Consortium phase 1 Data.
Common variants at 11p13 are associated with susceptibility to tuberculosis.
Common variants near MBNL1 and NKX2-5 are associated with infantile hypertrophic pyloric stenosis.
Genome-wide association study identifies a variant in HDAC9 associated with large vessel ischemic stroke.
A genome-wide association study for coronary artery disease identifies a novel susceptibility locus in the major histocompatibility complex.
A genome-wide association study identifies SNP in DCC is associated with gallbladder cancer in the Japanese population.
Common variants near TARDBP and EGR2 are associated with susceptibility to Ewing sarcoma.
A common variant near the KCNJ2 gene is associated with T-peak to T-end interval.
Association of common genetic variants in GPCPD1 with scaling of visual cortical surface area in humans.
Genome-wide association study of three-dimensional facial morphology identifies a variant in PAX3 associated with nasion position.
Common variants at CDKAL1 and KLF9 are associated with body mass index in east Asian populations.
Genome-wide association analysis of juvenile idiopathic arthritis identifies a new susceptibility locus at chromosomal region 3q13.
Interleukin 28B polymorphisms are the only common genetic variants associated with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in genotype-1 chronic hepatitis C and determine the association between LDL-C and treatment response.
Genome-wide association study in east Asians identifies novel susceptibility loci for breast cancer.
Genome-wide association study identifies chromosome 10q24.32 variants associated with arsenic metabolism and toxicity phenotypes in Bangladesh.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel loci associated with serum level of vitamin B12 in Chinese men.
Genome-wide association study of genetic determinants of LDL-c response to atorvastatin therapy: importance of Lp(a).
A genome-wide linkage and association scan reveals novel loci for hypertension and blood pressure traits.
Meta-analysis of Parkinson's disease: identification of a novel locus, RIT2.
A genome-wide association study identifies two susceptibility loci for duodenal ulcer in the Japanese population.
A genome-wide association study identifies rs2000999 as a strong genetic determinant of circulating haptoglobin levels.
Genome-wide screen for metabolic syndrome susceptibility Loci reveals strong lipid gene contribution but no evidence for common genetic basis for clustering of metabolic syndrome traits.
A genome-wide association study identifies novel susceptibility genetic variation for thyrotoxic hypokalemic periodic paralysis.
A meta-analysis and genome-wide association study of platelet count and mean platelet volume in african americans.
Comprehensive research synopsis and systematic meta-analyses in Parkinson's disease genetics: The PDGene database.
A novel locus for body mass index on 5p15.2: a meta-analysis of two genome-wide association studies.
Genome-wide association study identifies three common variants associated with serologic response to vitamin E supplementation in men.
A genome-wide association study in the Japanese population confirms 9p21 and 14q23 as susceptibility loci for primary open angle glaucoma.
Genome-wide association study of SSRI/SNRI-induced sexual dysfunction in a Japanese cohort with major depression.
A genome-wide association study identifies three new risk loci for Kawasaki disease.
Genome-wide association study of treatment refractory schizophrenia in Han Chinese.
A genome-wide association study identifies a breast cancer risk variant in ERBB4 at 2q34: results from the Seoul Breast Cancer Study.
A high-density genome-wide association screen of sporadic ALS in US veterans.
A single-nucleotide polymorphism in ANK1 is associated with susceptibility to type 2 diabetes in Japanese populations.
A genome-wide association study in progressive multiple sclerosis.
SSBP2 variants are associated with survival in glioblastoma patients.
A mega-analysis of genome-wide association studies for major depressive disorder.
Combined analysis of genome-wide association studies for Crohn disease and psoriasis identifies seven shared susceptibility loci.
A genome-wide association meta-analysis identifies new childhood  obesity loci.
A genome-wide association study of female sexual dysfunction.
Common variants at 12q15 and 12q24 are associated with infant head circumference.
Identification of common variants associated with human hippocampal and intracranial volumes.
Common variants at 6q22 and 17q21 are associated with intracranial volume.
Common variants at 12q14 and 12q24 are associated with hippocampal volume.
CHRNB3 is more strongly associated with Fagerström test for cigarette dependence-based nicotine dependence than cigarettes per day: phenotype definition changes genome-wide association studies results.
Identification of a novel percent mammographic density locus at 12q24.
Genome-wide association study of antibody response to smallpox vaccine.
A genome-wide association study reveals that variants within the HLA region are associated with risk for nonobstructive azoospermia.
Genome-wide association identifies the T gene as a novel asthma pharmacogenetic locus.
Association of common variants in TNFRSF13B, TNFSF13, and ANXA3 with serum levels of non-albumin protein and immunoglobulin isotypes in Japanese.
A genome-wide association study of total bilirubin and cholelithiasis risk in sickle cell anemia.
A genome-wide association study identifies susceptibility loci for Wilms tumor.
Genome-wide association study of the age of onset of childhood asthma.
Common genetic determinants of intraocular pressure and primary open-angle glaucoma.
Genome-wide association study of multiple sclerosis confirms a novel locus at 5p13.1.
Genomic association analysis identifies multiple loci influencing antihypertensive response to an angiotensin II receptor blocker.
Genome-wide association and functional studies identify the DOT1L gene to be involved in cartilage thickness and hip osteoarthritis.
Genome-wide association of pericardial fat identifies a unique locus for ectopic fat.
Genome-wide association for abdominal subcutaneous and visceral adipose reveals a novel locus for visceral fat in women.
Genome-wide association study of Alzheimer's disease.
Genome-wide meta-analyses of smoking behaviors in African Americans.
Common variation near CDKN1A, POLD3 and SHROOM2 influences colorectal cancer risk.
Genome-wide gene-environment interaction analysis for asbestos exposure in lung cancer susceptibility.
Genome-wide study of gene variants associated with differential cardiovascular event reduction by pravastatin therapy.
Genomic determinants of motor and cognitive outcomes in Parkinson's disease.
PKNOX2 is associated with formal thought disorder in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of two genome-wide association studies.
Genome-wide association study of circulating estradiol, testosterone, and sex hormone-binding globulin in postmenopausal women.
A genome-wide association study of venous thromboembolism identifies risk variants in chromosomes 1q24.2 and 9q.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of the electrocardiographic early repolarization pattern.
Genetic variants on chromosome 1q41 influence ocular axial length and high myopia.
Genome-wide association study in a Swedish population yields support for greater CNV and MHC involvement in schizophrenia compared with bipolar disorder.
Common variation at 6p21.31 (BAK1) influences the risk of chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
Pilot genome-wide association search identifies potential loci for risk of erectile dysfunction in type 1 diabetes using the DCCT/EDIC study cohort.
Genome-wide association study of age-related macular degeneration identifies associated variants in the TNXB-FKBPL-NOTCH4 region of chromosome 6p21.3.
Genetic associations for activated partial thromboplastin time and prothrombin time, their gene expression profiles, and risk of coronary artery disease.
Genetic polymorphisms of the human PNPLA3 gene are strongly associated with severity of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in Japanese.
Heritability and genome-wide association study to assess genetic differences between advanced age-related macular degeneration subtypes.
A common variant in SLC8A1 is associated with the duration of the electrocardiographic QT interval.
Genome-wide association study in a Lebanese cohort confirms PHACTR1 as a major determinant of coronary artery stenosis.
A variant in the LRRFIP1 gene is associated with adiposity and inflammation.
Bivariate genome-wide association study suggests that the DARC gene influences lean body mass and age at menarche.
Identification of new susceptibility loci for osteoarthritis (arcOGEN): a genome-wide association study.
Polymorphisms in the glial glutamate transporter SLC1A2 are associated with essential tremor.
Genome-wide pharmacogenomic study of citalopram-induced side effects in STAR*D.
WNT16 influences bone mineral density, cortical bone thickness, bone strength, and osteoporotic fracture risk.
Genome-wide linkage and association scans for pulse pressure in Chinese twins.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide scans for total body BMD in children and adults reveals allelic heterogeneity and age-specific effects at the WNT16 locus.
Common variants on chromosome 9p21 are associated with normal tension glaucoma.
Genome-wide association analysis in asthma subjects identifies SPATS2L as a novel bronchodilator response gene.
Genome-wide association study identifies common variants at TNFRSF13B associated with IgG level in a healthy Chinese male population.
Linkage and association of successful aging to the 6q25 region in large Amish kindreds.
Genome-wide association study of a quantitative disordered gambling trait.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel loci association with fasting insulin and insulin resistance in African Americans.
Genetic associations with C-reactive protein level and white blood cell count in the KARE study.
A genome-wide association study identifies two new susceptibility loci for lung adenocarcinoma in the Japanese population.
Risk for myasthenia gravis maps to a (151) Pro→Ala change in TNIP1 and to human leukocyte antigen-B*08.
A genome-wide association meta-analysis of circulating sex hormone-binding globulin reveals multiple Loci implicated in sex steroid hormone regulation.
Population-based meta-analysis in Caucasians confirms association with COL5A1 and ZNF469 but not COL8A2 with central corneal thickness.
Genome-wide association analysis in primary sclerosing cholangitis and ulcerative colitis identifies risk loci at GPR35 and TCF4.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies TYW3/CRYZ and NDST4 loci associated with circulating resistin levels.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants associated with progression of liver fibrosis from HCV infection.
A novel sarcoidosis risk locus for Europeans on chromosome 11q13.1.
Genome-wide association study identifies TNFSF13 as a susceptibility gene for IgA in a South Chinese population in smokers.
Genome-wide meta-analyses of nonsyndromic cleft lip with or without cleft palate identify six new risk loci.
Genome-wide association study identifies a susceptibility locus for thyrotoxic periodic paralysis at 17q24.3.
Genome-wide association study implicates HLA-C*01:02 as a risk factor at the major histocompatibility complex locus in schizophrenia.
Genome-wide association study of prognosis in advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients receiving platinum-based chemotherapy.
Genome-wide association study of Tourette's syndrome.
Genome-wide association study of obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Influence of common genetic variation on lung cancer risk: meta-analysis of 14 900 cases and 29 485 controls.
Genome-wide association identifies genetic variants associated with lentiform nucleus volume in N = 1345 young and elderly subjects.
High density GWAS for LDL cholesterol in African Americans using electronic medical records reveals a strong protective variant in APOE.
Evaluating genetic risk for prostate cancer among Japanese and Latinos.
A genome-wide association study of seasonal pattern mania identifies NF1A as a possible susceptibility gene for bipolar disorder.
A genome-wide association study of breast cancer in women of African ancestry.
Genome-wide association analyses identify three new susceptibility loci for primary angle closure glaucoma.
Genome-wide association study of d-amphetamine response in healthy volunteers identifies putative associations, including cadherin 13 (CDH13).
Genome-wide association study identifies a new locus JMJD1C at 10q21 that may influence serum androgen levels in men.
A genome-wide association study on a southern European population identifies a new Crohn's disease susceptibility locus at RBX1-EP300.
Genome-wide association analysis reveals 12q13.3-q14.1 as new risk locus for sarcoidosis.
Bivariate genome-wide association study suggests fatty acid desaturase genes and cadherin DCHS2 for variation of both compressive strength index and appendicular lean mass in males.
Genome-wide association and linkage study in the Amish detects a novel candidate late-onset Alzheimer disease gene.
Common variation at 6q16 within HACE1 and LIN28B influences susceptibility to neuroblastoma.
Common variants at 6p21.1 are associated with large artery atherosclerotic stroke.
Genome-wide association analysis of genetic generalized epilepsies implicates susceptibility loci at 1q43, 2p16.1, 2q22.3 and 17q21.32.
Age of onset of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis is modulated by a locus on 1p34.1.
A genome-wide association study identifies GRK5 and RASGRP1 as type 2 diabetes loci in Chinese Hans.
Association analyses identify three susceptibility Loci for vitiligo in the Chinese Han population.
Genome-wide association study meta-analysis of chronic widespread pain: evidence for involvement of the 5p15.2 region.
Genome-wide association study of intracranial aneurysms confirms role of Anril and SOX17 in disease risk.
A genome-wide association study identifies a genetic variant in the SIAH2 locus associated with hormonal receptor-positive breast cancer in Japanese.
Limited contribution of common genetic variants to risk for liver injury due to a variety of drugs.
Common variants at the MHC locus and at chromosome 16q24.1 predispose to Barrett's esophagus.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of breast cancer identifies two novel susceptibility loci at 6q14 and 20q11.
Genetic variants near PDGFRA are associated with corneal curvature in Australians.
Genome-wide association study for serum complement C3 and C4 levels in healthy Chinese subjects.
Functional variants in NFKBIE and RTKN2 involved in activation of the NF-κB pathway are associated with rheumatoid arthritis in Japanese.
Genome-wide association study identifies TNFSF15 and POU2AF1 as susceptibility loci for primary biliary cirrhosis in the Japanese population.
Genome-wide association study for circulating levels of PAI-1 provides novel insights into its regulation.
New susceptibility loci associated with kidney disease in type 1 diabetes.
Clinical and genetic correlates of growth differentiation factor 15 in the community.
Genome-wide association replicates the association of Duffy antigen receptor for chemokines (DARC) polymorphisms with serum monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) levels in Hispanic children.
Genome-wide association study identifies germline polymorphisms associated with relapse of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Haplotypes with copy number and single nucleotide polymorphisms in CYP2A6 locus are associated with smoking quantity in a Japanese population.
Genome-wide meta-analysis points to CTC1 and ZNF676 as genes regulating telomere homeostasis in humans.
Genome-wide association studies of asthma in population-based cohorts confirm known and suggested loci and identify an additional association near HLA.
Genome-wide association study in Chinese men identifies two new prostate cancer risk loci at 9q31.2 and 19q13.4.
A genome-wide association study of monozygotic twin-pairs suggests a locus related to variability of serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol.
Genome-wide pathway analysis of genome-wide association studies on systemic lupus erythematosus and rheumatoid arthritis.
A genome-wide association study of circulating galectin-3.
A genome-wide association study provides evidence for association of chromosome 8p23 (MYP10) and 10q21.1 (MYP15) with high myopia in the French Population.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies to identify prostate cancer susceptibility loci associated with aggressive and non-aggressive disease.
Genome-wide association of mood-incongruent psychotic bipolar disorder.
Genetic variants at 6p21.1 and 7p15.3 are associated with risk of multiple cancers in Han Chinese.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis identifies new endometriosis risk loci.
A study based on whole-genome sequencing yields a rare variant at 8q24 associated with prostate cancer.
Suggestion of GLYAT gene underlying variation of bone size and body lean mass as revealed by a bivariate genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide scan identifies variant in TNFSF13 associated with serum IgM in a healthy Chinese male population.
Combined linkage and association analyses identify a novel locus for obesity near PROX1 in Asians.
Prognostic implications of genetic variants in advanced non-small cell lung cancer: a genome-wide association study.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies for serum total IgE in diverse study populations.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies new lung cancer susceptibility loci in never-smoking women in Asia.
Variant of TREM2 associated with the risk of Alzheimer's disease.
Impact of four loci on serum tamsulosin hydrochloride concentration.
A genome-wide association study identifies susceptibility loci for nonsyndromic sagittal craniosynostosis near BMP2 and within BBS9.
Impact of ancestry and common genetic variants on QT interval in African Americans.
Genome-wide association study of aspirin-exacerbated respiratory disease in a Korean population.
Common genetic variation near the connexin-43 gene is associated with resting heart rate in African Americans: a genome-wide association study of 13,372 participants.
Genome-wide association study of survival in patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
Common variation at 2q22.3 (ZEB2) influences the risk of renal cancer.
Gene-environment interactions and obesity traits among postmenopausal African-American and Hispanic women in the Women's Health Initiative SHARe Study.
Genome-wide association study identified UQCC locus for spine bone size in humans.
Novel genetic loci identified for the pathophysiology of childhood obesity in the Hispanic population.
A genome-wide association study implicates the APOE locus in nonpathological cognitive ageing.
HLA-DQ strikes again: genome-wide association study further confirms HLA-DQ in the diagnosis of asthma among adults.
Identification of a susceptibility locus in STAT4 for Behçet's disease in Han Chinese in a genome-wide association study.
A genome-wide association study in Caucasian women points out a putative role of the STXBP5L gene in facial photoaging.
Genome-wide significant association signals in IPO11-HTR1A region specific for alcohol and nicotine codependence.
Genome-wide study of methotrexate clearance replicates SLCO1B1.
Genetic variants in STAT4 and HLA-DQ genes confer risk of hepatitis B virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma.
Association of genome-wide variation with highly sensitive cardiac troponin-T levels in European Americans and Blacks: a meta-analysis from atherosclerosis risk in communities and cardiovascular health studies.
Genome-wide association study pinpoints a new functional apolipoprotein B variant influencing oxidized low-density lipoprotein levels but not cardiovascular events: AtheroRemo Consortium.
Identification of Genetic Susceptibility Loci for Colorectal Tumors in a Genome-Wide Meta-analysis.
A genome-wide association study identifies 2 susceptibility Loci for Crohn's disease in a Japanese population.
Genetic association suggests that SMOC1 mediates between prenatal sex hormones and digit ratio.
Genome-wide association analyses in East Asians identify new susceptibility loci for colorectal cancer.
Genome-wide search for gene-gene interactions in colorectal cancer.
Genome-wide association study identifies loci at ATF7IP and KLK2 associated with percentage of circulating free PSA.
Ischemic stroke is associated with the ABO locus: the EuroCLOT study.
A genome-wide association study of depressive symptoms.
A genome wide association study of plasma uric acid levels in obese cases and never-overweight controls.
A genome-wide association study for corneal curvature identifies the platelet-derived growth factor receptor α gene as a quantitative trait locus for eye size in white Europeans.
Common variants in the HLA-DRB1-HLA-DQA1 HLA class II region are associated with susceptibility to visceral leishmaniasis.
Genome-wide association analyses identify multiple loci associated with central corneal thickness and keratoconus.
A genome-wide integrative genomic study localizes genetic factors influencing antibodies against Epstein-Barr virus nuclear antigen 1 (EBNA-1).
Genome-wide association study of serum albumin:globulin ratio in Korean populations.
Insights into the genetic architecture of early stage age-related macular degeneration: a genome-wide association study meta-analysis.
A genome-wide association study of HCV-induced liver cirrhosis in the Japanese population identifies novel susceptibility loci at the MHC region.
Identification of a candidate gene for astigmatism.
Genome-wide significant locus of beta-trace protein, a novel kidney function biomarker, identified in European and African Americans.
Susceptibility loci associated with specific and shared subtypes of lymphoid malignancies.
Genome-wide association study identifies a novel susceptibility locus at 12q23.1 for lung squamous cell carcinoma in han chinese.
Meta-analysis identifies a MECOM gene as a novel predisposing factor of osteoporotic fracture.
A colorectal cancer genome-wide association study in a Spanish cohort identifies two variants associated with colorectal cancer risk at 1p33 and 8p12.
Genome-wide study of association and interaction with maternal cytomegalovirus infection suggests new schizophrenia loci.
Pharmacogenomics in Alzheimer's disease: a genome-wide association study of response to cholinesterase inhibitors.
BCL9 and C9orf5 are associated with negative symptoms in schizophrenia: meta-analysis of two genome-wide association studies.
Novel locus including FGF21 is associated with dietary macronutrient intake.
Common variants at 12q24 are associated with drinking behavior in Han Chinese.
A genome-wide association study of a coronary artery disease risk variant.
A genome-wide association study for serum bilirubin levels and gene-environment interaction in a Chinese population.
A 2-stage genome-wide association study to identify single nucleotide polymorphisms associated with development of urinary symptoms after radiotherapy for prostate cancer.
Genome-wide association study on plasma levels of midregional-proadrenomedullin and C-terminal-pro-endothelin-1.
Genome-wide association study of retinopathy in individuals without diabetes.
Genetic determinants of haemolysis in sickle cell anaemia.
Genome-wide association study identified the human leukocyte antigen region as a novel locus for plasma beta-2 microglobulin.
Genetic associations with valvular calcification and aortic stenosis.
APOE and BCHE as modulators of cerebral amyloid deposition: a florbetapir PET genome-wide association study.
A common variant in myosin-18B contributes to mathematical abilities in children with dyslexia and intraparietal sulcus variability in adults.
Genome-wide association study of spontaneous resolution of hepatitis C virus infection: data from multiple cohorts.
A genome-wide association study of recipient genotype and medium-term kidney allograft function.
Genome-wide association analysis of red blood cell traits in African Americans: the COGENT Network.
A genome-wide meta-analysis identifies two novel loci associated with high myopia in the Han Chinese population.
Extended genetic effects of ADH cluster genes on the risk of alcohol dependence: from GWAS to replication.
A variant in FTO shows association with melanoma risk not due to BMI.
Genome-wide association study in Han Chinese identifies three novel loci for human height.
Exploring the genetic basis of chronic periodontitis: a genome-wide association study.
Genome- and phenome-wide analyses of cardiac conduction identifies markers of arrhythmia risk.
Oligoclonal band status in Scandinavian multiple sclerosis patients is associated with specific genetic risk alleles.
Genome-wide association study link novel loci to endometriosis.
Genetic determinants of dabigatran plasma levels and their relation to bleeding.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies in five cohorts reveals common variants in RBFOX1, a regulator of tissue-specific splicing, associated with refractive error.
Genome-wide association study of susceptibility loci for cervical cancer.
Genome-wide association study of coronary and aortic calcification implicates risk loci for coronary artery disease and myocardial infarction.
Genomic study in Mexicans identifies a new locus for triglycerides and refines European lipid loci.
Aspirin hydrolysis in plasma is a variable function of butyrylcholinesterase and platelet-activating factor acetylhydrolase 1b2 (PAFAH1b2).
Clinical, polysomnographic and genome-wide association analyses of narcolepsy with cataplexy: a European Narcolepsy Network study.
A genome-wide association study of bronchodilator response in asthmatics.
Novel susceptibility variants at 10p12.31-12.2 for childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia in ethnically diverse populations.
TSPYL5 SNPs: association with plasma estradiol concentrations and aromatase expression.
Genome-wide association study of the rate of cognitive decline in Alzheimer's disease.
Genome-wide association study in a Chinese population identifies a susceptibility locus for type 2 diabetes at 7q32 near PAX4.
Genome-wide association study in BRCA1 mutation carriers identifies novel loci associated with breast and ovarian cancer risk.
Identification of a BRCA2-specific modifier locus at 6p24 related to breast cancer risk.
Genome-wide scan revealed that polymorphisms in the PNPLA3, SAMM50, and PARVB genes are associated with development and progression of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in Japan.
Genome-wide association study and gene expression analysis identifies CD84 as a predictor of response to etanercept therapy in rheumatoid arthritis.
Genome-wide association studies identify several new loci associated with pigmentation traits and skin cancer risk in European Americans.
Genome-wide association study of ulcerative colitis in Koreans suggests extensive overlapping of genetic susceptibility with Caucasians.
GWAS meta-analysis and replication identifies three new susceptibility loci for ovarian cancer.
Genome-wide association study identifies genetic determinants of urine PCA3 levels in men.
Genome-wide association study of body mass index in 23 000 individuals with and without asthma.
Genome-wide association study of inattention and hyperactivity-impulsivity measured as quantitative traits.
SORL1 is genetically associated with late-onset Alzheimer's disease in Japanese, Koreans and Caucasians.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide studies identifies MEF2C SNPs associated with bone mineral density at forearm.
Variants in the ATP-binding cassette transporter (ABCA7), apolipoprotein E ϵ4,and the risk of late-onset Alzheimer disease in African Americans.
Genome-wide association study identifies genetic risk underlying primary rhegmatogenous retinal detachment.
A meta-analysis identifies new loci associated with body mass index in individuals of African ancestry.
Genome-wide association study of HLA-DQB1*06:02 negative essential hypersomnia.
Genome-wide association study of age at menarche in African-American women.
Genetic variants associated with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis susceptibility and mortality: a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association study in a Chinese population with diabetic retinopathy.
Association of SNPs in the UGT1A gene cluster with total bilirubin and mortality in the Diabetes Heart Study.
Genome-wide and gene-centric analyses of circulating myeloperoxidase levels in the charge and care consortia.
Genome-wide association analyses in Han Chinese identify two new susceptibility loci for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Genome-wide scan of job-related exhaustion with three replication studies implicate a susceptibility variant at the UST gene locus.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of observational studies shows common genetic variants associated with macronutrient intake.
Genetic factors in nonsmokers with age-related macular degeneration revealed through genome-wide gene-environment interaction analysis.
Genome-wide association study identifies common variants in SLC39A6 associated with length of survival in esophageal squamous-cell carcinoma.
A genome-wide association study for venous thromboembolism: the extended cohorts for heart and aging research in genomic epidemiology (CHARGE) consortium.
Genome wide association study of age at menarche in the Japanese population.
Identification of genetic loci associated with Helicobacter pylori serologic status.
Genetic variants in GPR126 are associated with adolescent idiopathic scoliosis.
Meta-analysis identifies four new loci associated with testicular germ cell tumor.
Identification of KCNN2 as a susceptibility locus for coronary artery aneurysms in Kawasaki disease using genome-wide association analysis.
Genetic variants that confer resistance to malaria are associated with red blood cell traits in African-Americans: an electronic medical record-based genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association study of serum selenium concentrations.
Genome-wide association study of primary tooth eruption identifies pleiotropic loci associated with height and craniofacial distances.
Genome-wide association study of degenerative bony changes of the temporomandibular joint.
Genome-wide association study identifies a region on chromosome 11q14.3 associated with late rectal bleeding following radiation therapy for prostate cancer.
Genome-wide association study identifies new susceptibility loci for posttraumatic stress disorder.
Genome-wide association study identifies loci affecting blood copper, selenium and zinc.
A genome-wide association study of a sustained pattern of antidepressant response.
Genetic variants associated with warfarin dose in African-American individuals: a genome-wide association study.
Interrogation of the platelet-derived growth factor receptor alpha locus and corneal astigmatism in Australians of Northern European ancestry: results of a genome-wide association study.
A meta-analysis of two genome-wide association studies to identify novel loci for maximum number of alcoholic drinks.
A genome-wide association study identified new variants associated with the risk of chronic hepatitis B.
Genomic association analysis of common variants influencing antihypertensive response to hydrochlorothiazide.
Genetic loci for retinal arteriolar microcirculation.
Association of genetic markers with CSF oligoclonal bands in multiple sclerosis patients.
Genome-wide association study identifies ephrin type A receptors implicated in paclitaxel induced peripheral sensory neuropathy.
A genome-wide association study identifies two new cervical cancer susceptibility loci at 4q12 and 17q12.
A genome-wide association meta-analysis of self-reported allergy identifies shared and allergy-specific susceptibility loci.
Are C-reactive protein associated genetic variants associated with serum levels and retinal markers of microvascular pathology in Asian populations from Singapore?
Identification of multiple genetic susceptibility loci in Takayasu arteritis.
Genome-wide association study of intraocular pressure identifies the GLCCI1/ICA1 region as a glaucoma susceptibility locus.
Genome-wide association study of Crohn's disease in Koreans revealed three new susceptibility loci and common attributes of genetic susceptibility across ethnic populations.
Genetics of coronary artery calcification among African Americans, a meta-analysis.
Common variants at SCN5A-SCN10A and HEY2 are associated with Brugada syndrome, a rare disease with high risk of sudden cardiac death.
Genome-wide association study on differentiated thyroid cancer.
Genome wide association analysis of a founder population identified TAF3 as a gene for MCHC in humans.
Genome-wide association study identifies ZFHX1B as a susceptibility locus for severe myopia.
Genome-wide association study of a heart failure related metabolomic profile among African Americans in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) study.
A genome-wide association study of total serum and mite-specific IgEs in asthma patients.
A genome-wide search for type 2 diabetes susceptibility genes in an extended Arab family.
Genome-wide association study identifies three novel loci for type 2 diabetes.
A genome-wide association study of behavioral disinhibition.
Genome-wide association of body fat distribution in African ancestry populations suggests new loci.
Common variation at 3q26.2, 6p21.33, 17p11.2 and 22q13.1 influences multiple myeloma risk.
A genome-wide association study and biological pathway analysis of epilepsy prognosis in a prospective cohort of newly treated epilepsy.
Genome-wide association study of cocaine dependence and related traits: FAM53B identified as a risk gene.
GWAS of human bitter taste perception identifies new loci and reveals additional complexity of bitter taste genetics.
Plasma lipids, genetic variants near APOA1, and the risk of infantile hypertrophic pyloric stenosis.
A genome-wide association study of chronic otitis media with effusion and recurrent otitis media identifies a novel susceptibility locus on chromosome 2.
Genome-wide association study of dermatomyositis reveals genetic overlap with other autoimmune disorders.
Association between a genetic variant related to glutamic acid metabolism and coronary heart disease in individuals with type 2 diabetes.
ITGB5 and AGFG1 variants are associated with severity of airway responsiveness.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies novel variants associated with osteoarthritis of the hip.
Variation at 10p12.2 and 10p14 influences risk of childhood B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia and phenotype.
Association of granulomatosis with polyangiitis (Wegener's) with HLA-DPB1*04 and SEMA6A gene variants: evidence from genome-wide analysis.
Genome-wide association study meta-analysis reveals transethnic replication of mean arterial and pulse pressure loci.
Genome-wide association study and meta-analysis of intraocular pressure.
Identification of a susceptibility locus for severe adolescent idiopathic scoliosis on chromosome 17q24.3.
Epilepsy, hippocampal sclerosis and febrile seizures linked by common genetic variation around SCN1A.
A genome-wide association study of chemotherapy-induced alopecia in breast cancer patients.
Common variants in left/right asymmetry genes and pathways are associated with relative hand skill.
Chromosome 2q31.1 associates with ESRD in women with type 1 diabetes.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of systolic blood pressure in children with sickle cell disease.
Common variants on Xq28 conferring risk of schizophrenia in Han Chinese.
A variant in LDLR is associated with abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Genome-wide association study of sex hormones, gonadotropins and sex hormone-binding protein in Chinese men.
Genome-wide association study of ancestry-specific TB risk in the South African Coloured population.
Common variation contributes to the genetic architecture of social communication traits.
Genome-wide association study identifies 3 genomic loci significantly associated with serum levels of homoarginine: the AtheroRemo Consortium.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies six new Loci for serum calcium concentrations.
Genome-wide association study of orthostatic hypotension and supine-standing blood pressure changes in two korean populations.
Genome-wide association study of atypical psychosis.
A genome-wide association study in Han Chinese identifies a susceptibility locus for primary Sjögren's syndrome at 7q11.23.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association data identifies novel susceptibility loci for obesity.
Genome-wide association study of autistic-like traits in a general population study of young adults.
A genome-wide association study identifies new susceptibility loci for esophageal adenocarcinoma and Barrett's esophagus.
Genome-wide association study of breast cancer in the Japanese population.
Genome-wide association study of opioid dependence: multiple associations mapped to calcium and potassium pathways.
Variation at 3p24.1 and 6q23.3 influences the risk of Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Variants in the 1q21 risk region are associated with a visual endophenotype of autism and schizophrenia.
Genome-wide association study identifies multiple loci associated with bladder cancer risk.
Genome-wide association study on dimethylarginines reveals novel AGXT2 variants associated with heart rate variability but not with overall mortality.
New loci associated with chronic hepatitis B virus infection in Han Chinese.
Novel gene variants predict serum levels of the cytokines IL-18 and IL-1ra in older adults.
Genome wide analysis of narcolepsy in China implicates novel immune loci and reveals changes in association prior to versus after the 2009 H1N1 influenza pandemic.
A genome-wide association study of third molar agenesis in Japanese and Korean populations.
Common genetic variants on 1p13.2 associate with risk of autism.
Genome wide analysis of drug-induced torsades de pointes: lack of common variants with large effect sizes.
A common variant at 8q24.21 is associated with renal cell cancer.
Multistage genome-wide association meta-analyses identified two new loci for bone mineral density.
Genome-wide association study implicates NDST3 in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
A genome-wide association meta-analysis identifies a novel locus at 17q11.2 associated with sporadic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Inhaled corticosteroid treatment modulates ZNF432 gene variant's effect on bronchodilator response in asthmatics.
ALDH2 is associated to alcohol dependence and is the major genetic determinant of "daily maximum drinks" in a GWAS study of an isolated rural Chinese sample.
A genome-wide association study identifies polymorphisms in the HLA-DR region associated with non-response to hepatitis B vaccination in Chinese Han populations.
A genome-wide association study reveals ARL15, a novel non-HLA susceptibility gene for rheumatoid arthritis in North Indians.
A genome-wide association study identifies multiple susceptibility loci for chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
Genome-wide association study for levels of total serum IgE identifies HLA-C in a Japanese population.
Genome-wide association study identifies common loci influencing circulating glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels in non-diabetic subjects: the Long Life Family Study (LLFS).
Fraction of exhaled nitric oxide values in childhood are associated with 17q11.2-q12 and 17q12-q21 variants.
A genome-wide gene-gene interaction analysis identifies an epistatic gene pair for lung cancer susceptibility in Han Chinese.
Genome-wide association study of bipolar disorder accounting for effect of body mass index identifies a new risk allele in TCF7L2.
Gene-alcohol interactions identify several novel blood pressure loci including a promising locus near SLC16A9.
Genome-wide association analysis confirms and extends the association of SLC2A9 with serum uric acid levels to Mexican Americans.
An integrative study of the genetic, social and environmental determinants of chronic kidney disease characterized by tubulointerstitial damages in the North Central Region of Sri Lanka.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies ORM1 as a novel gene controlling thrombin generation potential.
How genome-wide SNP-SNP interactions relate to nasopharyngeal carcinoma susceptibility.
Genetic susceptibility to accelerated cognitive decline in the US Health and Retirement Study.
Genome-wide association study in musician's dystonia: a risk variant at the arylsulfatase G locus?
Genome-wide association analysis identifies 11 risk variants associated with the asthma with hay fever phenotype.
Genome-wide association study of alcohol dependence:significant findings in African- and European-Americans including novel risk loci.
Genome-wide study of percent emphysema on computed tomography in the general population. The Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis Lung/SNP Health Association Resource Study.
Germline sequence variants in TGM3 and RGS22 confer risk of basal cell carcinoma.
Genetic determinants of heel bone properties: genome-wide association meta-analysis and replication in the GEFOS/GENOMOS consortium.
Genome wide association and linkage analyses identified three loci-4q25, 17q23.2, and 10q11.21-associated with variation in leukocyte telomere length: the Long Life Family Study.
Familial young-onset diabetes, pre-diabetes and cardiovascular disease are associated with genetic variants of DACH1 in Chinese.
Genome-wide association study identifies a new SMAD7 risk variant associated with colorectal cancer risk in East Asians.
A genome-wide association study identifies a locus on TERT for mean telomere length in Han Chinese.
Genetic predictors associated with improvement of asthma symptoms in response to inhaled corticosteroids.
A genome-wide association study of early-onset breast cancer identifies PFKM as a novel breast cancer gene and supports a common genetic spectrum for breast cancer at any age.
Evidence of gene-environment interaction for two genes on chromosome 4 and environmental tobacco smoke in controlling the risk of nonsyndromic cleft palate.
Identification of a novel Parkinson's disease locus via stratified genome-wide association study.
A genome-wide association study of intra-ocular pressure suggests a novel association in the gene FAM125B in the TwinsUK cohort.
A genome-wide association study identifies common variants influencing serum uric acid concentrations in a Chinese population.
A genome-wide association study of anorexia nervosa.
Genome-wide association study of peripheral neuropathy with D-drug-containing regimens in AIDS Clinical Trials Group protocol 384.
Genome-wide association study of metabolic traits reveals novel gene-metabolite-disease links.
Variability in the common genetic architecture of social-communication spectrum phenotypes during childhood and adolescence.
Identification of novel genetic Loci associated with thyroid peroxidase antibodies and clinical thyroid disease.
Genome-wide association study for circulating tissue plasminogen activator levels and functional follow-up implicates endothelial STXBP5 and STX2.
Common quantitative trait locus downstream of RETN gene identified by genome-wide association study is associated with risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Han Chinese: a Mendelian randomization effect.
Genome-wide association study of urinary albumin excretion rate in patients with type 1 diabetes.
ABCC5, a gene that influences the anterior chamber depth, is associated with primary angle closure glaucoma.
Heritability and genetic association analysis of cognition in the Diabetes Heart Study.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies 1q22 as a susceptibility locus for intracerebral hemorrhage.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of homocysteine and methionine metabolism identifies five one carbon metabolism loci and a novel association of ALDH1L1 with ischemic stroke.
A genome-wide association study of clinical symptoms of dissociation in a trauma-exposed sample.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis of human longevity identifies a novel locus conferring survival beyond 90 years of age.
Polymorphism of the cystatin C gene in patients with acute coronary syndromes: Results from the PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes study.
Susceptibility to chronic mucus hypersecretion, a genome wide association study.
Genetic effects on information processing speed are moderated by age--converging results from three samples.
Severe osteoarthritis of the hand associates with common variants within the ALDH1A2 gene and with rare variants at 1p31.
Genetic variations associated with postoperative recurrence in stage I non-small cell lung cancer.
Identification of susceptibility loci for colorectal cancer in a genome-wide meta-analysis.
A genome-wide association study on thyroid function and anti-thyroid peroxidase antibodies in Koreans.
Genome-wide diet-gene interaction analyses for risk of colorectal cancer.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants associated with autoimmune hepatitis type 1.
New variants including ARG1 polymorphisms associated with C-reactive protein levels identified by genome-wide association and pathway analysis.
ABCC9 gene polymorphism is associated with hippocampal sclerosis of aging pathology.
Novel risk loci for rheumatoid arthritis in Han Chinese and congruence with risk variants in Europeans.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants in casein kinase II (CSNK2A2) to be associated with leukocyte telomere length in a Punjabi Sikh diabetic cohort.
Genome-wide association study of maternal and inherited loci for conotruncal heart defects.
Genome wide association study of SNP-, gene-, and pathway-based approaches to identify genes influencing susceptibility to Staphylococcus aureus infections.
Genome-wide association study of plasma N6 polyunsaturated fatty acids within the cohorts for heart and aging research in genomic epidemiology consortium.
Common genetic variants associated with resting oxygenation in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Genome-wide association scan in north Indians reveals three novel HLA-independent risk loci for ulcerative colitis.
Genome-wide association study identifies a novel susceptibility gene for serum TSH levels in Chinese populations.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies in East Asian-ancestry populations identifies four new loci for body mass index.
Genome-wide association study yields variants at 20p12.2 that associate with urinary bladder cancer.
Genome-wide association study supports the role of the immunological system and of the neurodevelopmental processes in response to haloperidol treatment.
Rare variants of large effect in BRCA2 and CHEK2 affect risk of lung cancer.
TAOK3, a novel genome-wide association study locus associated with morphine requirement and postoperative pain in a retrospective pediatric day surgery population.
Variants near TERT and TERC influencing telomere length are associated with high-grade glioma risk.
A genome-wide association study of serum levels of prostate-specific antigen in the Japanese population.
A genome-wide association study identifies PLCL2 and AP3D1-DOT1L-SF3A2 as new susceptibility loci for myocardial infarction in Japanese.
Genome-wide survival analysis of age at onset of alcohol dependence in extended high-risk COGA families.
Lupus nephritis susceptibility loci in women with systemic lupus erythematosus.
A meta-analysis of Hodgkin lymphoma reveals 19p13.3 TCF3 as a novel susceptibility locus.
Genome-wide association study identifies three novel susceptibility loci for severe Acne vulgaris.
Novel genetic variants modify the effect of smoking on carotid plaque burden in Hispanics.
A genome-wide association study on chronic HBV infection and its clinical progression in male Han-Taiwanese.
Phenotypic dissection of bone mineral density reveals skeletal site specificity and facilitates the identification of novel loci in the genetic regulation of bone mass attainment.
Variants close to NTRK2 gene are associated with birth weight in female twins.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies in multiethnic Asians identifies two loci for age-related nuclear cataract.
A genome-wide association study identifies a functional ERAP2 haplotype associated with birdshot chorioretinopathy.
CMPK1 and RBP3 are associated with corneal curvature in Asian populations.
The ATXN2-SH2B3 locus is associated with peripheral arterial disease: an electronic medical record-based genome-wide association study.
A genome-wide association study suggests an association of Chr8p21.3 (GFRA2) with diabetic neuropathic pain.
Frontotemporal dementia and its subtypes: a genome-wide association study.
A genome-wide association study identifies susceptibility loci of silica-related pneumoconiosis in Han Chinese.
Common genes underlying asthma and COPD? Genome-wide analysis on the Dutch hypothesis.
Genome wide association scan for chronic periodontitis implicates novel locus.
Genome-wide association identifies regulatory Loci associated with distinct local histogram emphysema patterns.
A novel colorectal cancer risk locus at 4q32.2 identified from an international genome-wide association study.
SUCLG2 identified as both a determinator of CSF Aβ1-42 levels and an attenuator of cognitive decline in Alzheimer's disease.
Genome-wide association study of hepatitis C virus- and cryoglobulin-related vasculitis.
Genome-wide association analysis in East Asians identifies breast cancer susceptibility loci at 1q32.1, 5q14.3 and 15q26.1.
Genome-wide association study of height-adjusted BMI in childhood identifies functional variant in ADCY3.
Genome-wide association study of electrocardiographic parameters identifies a new association for PR interval and confirms previously reported associations.
Meta-analysis identifies loci affecting levels of the potential osteoarthritis biomarkers sCOMP and uCTX-II with genome wide significance.
A genome-wide association study identifies susceptibility loci for ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament of the spine.
A genome-wide association study identifies a novel locus at 6q22.1 associated with ulcerative colitis.
Citalopram and escitalopram plasma drug and metabolite concentrations: genome-wide associations.
Intrinsic and extrinsic risk factors for sagging eyelids.
Genome-wide association study identifies multiple susceptibility loci for pancreatic cancer.
Genetic Associations with Plasma B12, B6, and Folate Levels in an Ischemic Stroke Population from the Vitamin Intervention for Stroke Prevention (VISP) Trial.
Trans-ethnic genome-wide association study of colorectal cancer identifies a new susceptibility locus in VTI1A.
Genome-wide association analysis of Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada syndrome identifies two new susceptibility loci at 1p31.2 and 10q21.3.
Genetic variant predicts bevacizumab-induced hypertension in ECOG-5103 and ECOG-2100.
Immunochip identifies novel, and replicates known, genetic risk loci for rheumatoid arthritis in black South Africans.
Joint analysis of three genome-wide association studies of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma in Chinese populations.
Genome-wide association study of maternal and inherited effects on left-sided cardiac malformations.
Genome-wide association study identifies new susceptibility loci for epithelial ovarian cancer in Han Chinese women.
Genome-wide association study of survival in early-stage non-small cell lung cancer.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants in PMS1 associated with serum ferritin in a Chinese population.
A genome-wide search for quantitative trait loci affecting the cortical surface area and thickness of Heschl's gyrus.
Common variants near ABCA1 and in PMM2 are associated with primary open-angle glaucoma.
Common variants near ABCA1, AFAP1 and GMDS confer risk of primary open-angle glaucoma.
Genome-wide analysis of multi-ancestry cohorts identifies new loci influencing intraocular pressure and susceptibility to glaucoma.
Beyond cigarettes per day. A genome-wide association study of the biomarker carbon monoxide.
Association between antinuclear antibodies and the HLA class II locus and heterogeneous characteristics of staining patterns: the Nagahama study.
Gene-smoking interactions identify several novel blood pressure loci in the Framingham Heart Study.
Genome-wide association study identifies three susceptibility loci for laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma in the Chinese population.
Genetic dissection of acute anterior uveitis reveals similarities and differences in associations observed with ankylosing spondylitis.
Genome-wide association study of vitamin D levels in children: replication in the Western Australian Pregnancy Cohort (Raine) study.
CKM and LILRB5 are associated with serum levels of creatine kinase.
A genetic locus in 7p12.2 associated with treatment resistant schizophrenia.
HLA-DQA1-HLA-DRB1 variants confer susceptibility to pancreatitis induced by thiopurine immunosuppressants.
Genome-wide interrogation of longitudinal FEV1 in children with asthma.
Common variation near ROBO2 is associated with expressive vocabulary in infancy.
Dissecting the genetics of chronic mucus hypersecretion in smokers with and without COPD.
Genetic susceptibility for chronic bronchitis in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Genome-wide analysis of hepatic lipid content in extreme obesity.
Genome-wide association study of intracranial aneurysm identifies a new association on chromosome 7.
Genome-wide association study identifies ITPR2 as a susceptibility gene for Kashin-Beck disease in Han Chinese.
Genome-wide exploration identifies sex-specific genetic effects of alleles upstream NPY to increase the risk of severe periodontitis in men.
Genome-wide association study identifies multiple susceptibility loci for diffuse large B cell lymphoma.
Common variants in the CRP promoter are associated with a high C-reactive protein level in Kawasaki disease.
Genome-wide association study of medication adherence in chronic diseases in the korean population.
Gene by stress genome-wide interaction analysis and path analysis identify EBF1 as a cardiovascular and metabolic risk gene.
Ancestry and other genetic associations with plasma PCSK9 response to simvastatin.
Genome-wide association study identifies five susceptibility loci for follicular lymphoma outside the HLA region.
A novel common variant in DCST2 is associated with length in early life and height in adulthood.
Genome-wide association study identified SNP on 15q24 associated with bladder cancer risk in Japanese population.
The contribution of common genetic variation to nicotine and cotinine glucuronidation in multiple ethnic/racial populations.
Confirmation of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia variants, ARID5B and IKZF1, and interaction with parental environmental exposures.
Genome-wide association study identifies TF as a significant modifier gene of iron metabolism in HFE hemochromatosis.
Genome-wide association study of breast cancer in Latinas identifies novel protective variants on 6q25.
Common variants at 1p36 are associated with superior frontal gyrus volume.
Genetic analysis of the pathogenic molecular sub-phenotype interferon-alpha identifies multiple novel loci involved in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Common variants associated with general and MMR vaccine-related febrile seizures.
Genome wide association study identifies a novel putative mammographic density locus at 1q12-q21.
Genomic predictors of combat stress vulnerability and resilience in U.S. Marines: A genome-wide association study across multiple ancestries implicates PRTFDC1 as a potential PTSD gene.
A genome-wide association study for diabetic retinopathy in a Japanese population: potential association with a long intergenic non-coding RNA.
Genome-wide association study for refractive astigmatism reveals genetic co-determination with spherical equivalent refractive error: the CREAM consortium.
Genetic markers associated with plasma protein C level in African Americans: the atherosclerosis risk in communities (ARIC) study.
Genetic loci associated with circulating levels of very long-chain saturated fatty acids.
Variation at HLA-DRB1 is associated with resistance to enteric fever.
Identification of a variant in KDR associated with serum VEGFR2 and pharmacodynamics of Pazopanib.
Common variation in PHACTR1 is associated with susceptibility to cervical artery dissection.
Genome-wide studies of verbal declarative memory in nondemented older people: the Cohorts for Heart and Aging Research in Genomic Epidemiology consortium.
A common variant in RAB27A gene is associated with fractional exhaled nitric oxide levels in adults.
Identification of a Hashimoto thyroiditis susceptibility locus via a genome-wide comparison with Graves' disease.
Genetic variants at 1q32.1, 10q11.2 and 19q13.41 are associated with prostate-specific antigen for prostate cancer screening in two Korean population-based cohort studies.
Genetic variants associated with serum thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) levels in European Americans and African Americans from the eMERGE Network.
A genome-wide association study of susceptibility to acute lymphoblastic leukemia in adolescents and young adults.
Novel loci associated with usual sleep duration: the CHARGE Consortium Genome-Wide Association Study.
Genome-wide meta-analyses of plasma renin activity and concentration reveal association with the kininogen 1 and prekallikrein genes.
Genome-wide association study and admixture mapping reveal new loci associated with total IgE levels in Latinos.
T2DM GWAS in the Lebanese population confirms the role of TCF7L2 and CDKAL1 in disease susceptibility.
Genetic loci associated with circulating phospholipid trans fatty acids: a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies from the CHARGE Consortium.
Genome-wide association study of survival from sepsis due to pneumonia: an observational cohort study.
Genome wide meta-analysis highlights the role of genetic variation in RARRES2 in the regulation of circulating serum chemerin.
A genome wide meta-analysis study for identification of common variation associated with breast cancer prognosis.
Pathway Analysis of Metabolic Syndrome Using a Genome-Wide Association Study of Korea Associated Resource (KARE) Cohorts.
No evidence for genome-wide interactions on plasma fibrinogen by smoking, alcohol consumption and body mass index: results from meta-analyses of 80,607 subjects.
Genome-wide association study for endothelial growth factors.
Genome-wide association analysis of plasma B-type natriuretic peptide in blacks: the Jackson Heart Study.
A genome-wide association study of marginal zone lymphoma shows association to the HLA region.
Genome-wide association study identified new susceptibility loci for polycystic ovary syndrome.
Evidence for several independent genetic variants affecting lipoprotein (a) cholesterol levels.
Pharmacogenomic determinants of the cardiovascular effects of dalcetrapib.
A genome-wide association study of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Hispanics.
A genome-wide association study of early spontaneous preterm delivery.
Identifying genetic loci associated with antidepressant drug response with drug-gene interaction models in a population-based study.
Pharmacodynamic genome-wide association study identifies new responsive loci for glucocorticoid intervention in asthma.
Identification of Susceptibility Loci in IL6, RPS9/LILRB3, and an Intergenic Locus on Chromosome 21q22 in Takayasu Arteritis in a Genome-Wide Association Study.
Common genetic variants influence human subcortical brain structures.
Genetic variants are major determinants of CSF antibody levels in multiple sclerosis.
New loci and coding variants confer risk for age-related macular degeneration in East Asians.
Low-frequency and rare exome chip variants associate with fasting glucose and type 2 diabetes susceptibility.
ARHGEF12 influences the risk of glaucoma by increasing intraocular pressure.
Genome-wide association study of clinically defined gout identifies multiple risk loci and its association with clinical subtypes.
Genetic contributions to variation in general cognitive function: a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies in the CHARGE consortium (N=53949).
Genome-wide association study of lymphoblast cell viability after clozapine exposure.
PARK10 is a major locus for sporadic neuropathologically confirmed Parkinson disease.
IKZF1, a new susceptibility gene for cold medicine-related Stevens-Johnson syndrome/toxic epidermal necrolysis with severe mucosal involvement.
A genome-wide association study of periodontitis in a Japanese population.
15q12 variants, sputum gene promoter hypermethylation, and lung cancer risk: a GWAS in smokers.
A Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies the Skin Color Genes IRF4, MC1R, ASIP, and BNC2 Influencing Facial Pigmented Spots.
A common variant mapping to CACNA1A is associated with susceptibility to exfoliation syndrome.
Genome-wide association study identifies peanut allergy-specific loci and evidence of epigenetic mediation in US children.
Association of an inherited genetic variant with vincristine-related peripheral neuropathy in children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Novel genes for airway wall thickness identified with combined genome-wide association and expression analyses.
IREB2 and GALC are associated with pulmonary artery enlargement in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Genome-wide association study of short-acting β2-agonists. A novel genome-wide significant locus on chromosome 2 near ASB3.
Genome-wide association analysis on five isolated populations identifies variants of the HLA-DOA gene associated with white wine liking.
Genome-wide genetic investigation of serological measures of common infections.
First genome-wide association study in an Australian aboriginal population provides insights into genetic risk factors for body mass index and type 2 diabetes.
Meta-analysis of 65,734 individuals identifies TSPAN15 and SLC44A2 as two susceptibility loci for venous thromboembolism.
Genome-wide association study and meta-analysis identify ISL1 as genome-wide significant susceptibility gene for bladder exstrophy.
Genome-wide association study identifies a new susceptibility locus for cleft lip with or without a cleft palate.
Susceptibility to tuberculosis is associated with variants in the ASAP1 gene encoding a regulator of dendritic cell migration.
Association of aspirin and NSAID use with risk of colorectal cancer according to genetic variants.
A novel Alzheimer disease locus located near the gene encoding tau protein.
Novel genetic locus implicated for HIV-1 acquisition with putative regulatory links to HIV replication and infectivity: a genome-wide association study.
A PAX1 enhancer locus is associated with susceptibility to idiopathic scoliosis in females.
A large-scale genetic analysis reveals a strong contribution of the HLA class II region to giant cell arteritis susceptibility.
Genome-wide association study of blood lead shows multiple associations near ALAD.
Genome-wide association study of myelosuppression in non-small-cell lung cancer patients with platinum-based chemotherapy.
Identification of myopia-associated WNT7B polymorphisms provides insights into the mechanism underlying the development of myopia.
Common variation at 1q24.1 (ALDH9A1) is a potential risk factor for renal cancer.
A genome-wide association study of myasthenia gravis.
Genome-wide association study of plasma levels of polychlorinated biphenyls disclose an association with the CYP2B6 gene in a population-based sample.
Genetic variation at MECOM, TERT, JAK2 and HBS1L-MYB predisposes to myeloproliferative neoplasms.
New basal cell carcinoma susceptibility loci.
Genome-wide search followed by replication reveals genetic interaction of CD80 and ALOX5AP associated with systemic lupus erythematosus in Asian populations.
Prediction of breast cancer survival using clinical and genetic markers by tumor subtypes.
GWAS for executive function and processing speed suggests involvement of the CADM2 gene.
The obesity-risk variant of FTO is inversely related with the So-Eum constitutional type: genome-wide association and replication analyses.
Two new loci and gene sets related to sex determination and cancer progression are associated with susceptibility to testicular germ cell tumor.
Genetic variants in LEKR1 and GALNT10 modulate sex-difference in carotid intima-media thickness: a genome-wide interaction study.
Genome-wide association study of serum minerals levels in children of different ethnic background.
Identification of novel genetic markers of breast cancer survival.
Thyroid cancer GWAS identifies 10q26.12 and 6q14.1 as novel susceptibility loci and reveals genetic heterogeneity among populations.
Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies Novel Loci Associated With Diisocyanate-Induced Occupational Asthma.
Genetic variants in five novel loci including CFB and CD40 predispose to chronic hepatitis B.
A genome wide association study links glutamate receptor pathway to sporadic Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease risk.
Genome-wide association study identifies ABCG2 (BCRP) as an allopurinol transporter and a determinant of drug response.
Genetic variants in the ADAMTS13 and SUPT3H genes are associated with ADAMTS13 activity.
Effect of genetic variations on ticagrelor plasma levels and clinical outcomes.
Genome-wide association study identifies new susceptibility loci for cutaneous lupus erythematosus.
Two susceptibility loci identified for prostate cancer aggressiveness.
Genome-wide association study identifies common variants associated with pharmacokinetics of psychotropic drugs.
Genome-wide association study of perioperative myocardial infarction after coronary artery bypass surgery.
A genome-wide association study of body mass index across early life and childhood.
Genome-wide association study of susceptibility loci for breast cancer in Sardinian population.
Polymorphism at 19q13.41 Predicts Breast Cancer Survival Specifically after Endocrine Therapy.
Genetic and clinical factors associated with obesity among adult survivors of childhood cancer: A report from the St. Jude Lifetime Cohort.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies three new risk loci for gout arthritis in Han Chinese.
Common Variants at Putative Regulatory Sites of the Tissue Nonspecific Alkaline Phosphatase Gene Influence Circulating Pyridoxal 5'-Phosphate Concentration in Healthy Adults.
Association of common variants in the calcium-sensing receptor gene with serum calcium levels in East Asians.
A polymorphism in CCR1/CCR3 is associated with narcolepsy.
Genome-wide analysis links NFATC2 with asparaginase hypersensitivity.
A new GWAS and meta-analysis with 1000Genomes imputation identifies novel risk variants for colorectal cancer.
Meta-analysis of Genome-wide Association Studies for Neuroticism, and the Polygenic Association With Major Depressive Disorder.
Variants in ELL2 influencing immunoglobulin levels associate with multiple myeloma.
Genetic risk factors for decreased bone mineral accretion in children with asthma receiving multiple oral corticosteroid bursts.
Genetic loci for serum magnesium among African-Americans and gene-environment interaction at MUC1 and TRPM6 in European-Americans: the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) study.
Genome-wide association study of toxic metals and trace elements reveals novel associations.
Common variants at 10p12.31, 10q21.1 and 13q12.13 are associated with sporadic pituitary adenoma.
Identification of new susceptibility loci for IgA nephropathy in Han Chinese.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Serum Creatinine Levels during Vancomycin Therapy.
A large multiethnic genome-wide association study of prostate cancer identifies novel risk variants and substantial ethnic differences.
Genome-wide association study of leukotriene modifier response in asthma.
GWAS identifies two susceptibility loci for lamotrigine-induced skin rash in patients with epilepsy.
A trans-ethnic genome-wide association study identifies gender-specific loci influencing pediatric aBMD and BMC at the distal radius.
A genome-wide association study of late-onset Alzheimer's disease in a Japanese population.
Genome-wide significant risk associations for mucinous ovarian carcinoma.
Genetic Factors for the Severity of ACPA-negative Rheumatoid Arthritis in 2 Cohorts of Early Disease: A Genome-wide Study.
Genome-wide association study of corticobasal degeneration identifies risk variants shared with progressive supranuclear palsy.
A Genome-Wide Scan Identifies Variants in NFIB Associated with Metastasis in Patients with Osteosarcoma.
Genome-Wide Association Studies of HIV-1 Host Control in Ethnically Diverse Chinese Populations.
Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies Novel Pharmacogenomic Loci For Therapeutic Response to Montelukast in Asthma.
Genetics of Plasma Soluble Receptor for Advanced Glycation End-Products and Cardiovascular Outcomes in a Community-based Population: Results from the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study.
Genome-wide association study of new-onset atrial fibrillation after coronary artery bypass grafting surgery.
Meta-Analysis of Genome-Wide Association Studies Identifies Genetic Risk Factors for Stroke in African Americans.
A genome-wide approach to children's aggressive behavior: The EAGLE consortium.
F-box/LRR-repeat protein 7 is genetically associated with Alzheimer's disease.
Common variation at 2p13.3, 3q29, 7p13 and 17q25.1 associated with susceptibility to pancreatic cancer.
Genetic determinants of swallowing impairments among community dwelling older population.
A genome-wide association study identifies multiple loci for variation in human ear morphology.
Genetic Polymorphisms Associated with Hearing Threshold Shift in Subjects during First Encounter with Occupational Impulse Noise.
Genome-wide association study of gastric adenocarcinoma in Asia: a comparison of associations between cardia and non-cardia tumours.
Genome-wide association study of triglyceride response to a high-fat meal among participants of the NHLBI Genetics of Lipid Lowering Drugs and Diet Network (GOLDN).
CDH13 and HCRTR2 May Be Associated with Hypersomnia Symptom of Bipolar Depression: A Genome-Wide Functional Enrichment Pathway Analysis.
A genome-wide association study identifies variants in KCNIP4 associated with ACE inhibitor-induced cough.
Three missense variants of metabolic syndrome-related genes are associated with alpha-1 antitrypsin levels.
Genome-wide association study for sight-threatening diabetic retinopathy reveals association with genetic variation near the GRB2 gene.
Performance of genetic risk factors in prediction of trichloroethylene induced hypersensitivity syndrome.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants at 16p13 associated with survival in multiple myeloma patients.
A Functional SNP in BNC2 Is Associated with Adolescent Idiopathic Scoliosis.
Heritability and Genome-Wide Association Analyses of Human Gait Suggest Contribution of Common Variants.
Genome Wide Association Study for Predictors of Progression Free Survival in Patients on Capecitabine, Oxaliplatin, Bevacizumab and Cetuximab in First-Line Therapy of Metastatic Colorectal Cancer.
A coding variant in RARG confers susceptibility to anthracycline-induced cardiotoxicity in childhood cancer.
Evidence of CNIH3 involvement in opioid dependence.
A Genome-wide Association Study Provides Evidence of Sex-specific Involvement of Chr1p35.1 (ZSCAN20-TLR12P) and Chr8p23.1 (HMGB1P46) With Diabetic Neuropathic Pain.
Variations in the FRA10AC1 Fragile Site and 15q21 Are Associated with Cerebrospinal Fluid Aβ1-42 Level.
Genetics of glucocorticoid-associated osteonecrosis in children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
GWAS of longitudinal amyloid accumulation on 18F-florbetapir PET in Alzheimer's disease implicates microglial activation gene IL1RAP.
Genome-wide association study of warfarin maintenance dose in a Brazilian sample.
Common and rare variants associated with kidney stones and biochemical traits.
A novel interaction between the FLJ33534 locus and smoking in obesity: a genome-wide study of 14 131 Pakistani adults.
Plasma Levels of Soluble Interleukin-2 Receptor α: Associations With Clinical Cardiovascular Events and Genome-Wide Association Scan.
Genome-Wide Association and Trans-ethnic Meta-Analysis for Advanced Diabetic Kidney Disease: Family Investigation of Nephropathy and Diabetes (FIND).
Bivariate Genome-Wide Association Study Implicates ATP6V1G1 as a Novel Pleiotropic Locus Underlying Osteoporosis and Age at Menarche.
Genome-wide Association Study of Autism Spectrum Disorder in the East Asian Populations.
Genome-wide association study on antipsychotic-induced weight gain in the CATIE sample.
Genome-wide association study on progression of carotid artery intima media thickness over 10 years in a Chinese cohort.
Genome-wide association study for rotator cuff tears identifies two significant single-nucleotide polymorphisms.
A genome-wide association study of antidepressant response in Koreans.
The genetics of alcohol dependence: Twin and SNP-based heritability, and genome-wide association study based on AUDIT scores.
No Major Host Genetic Risk Factor Contributed to A(H1N1)2009 Influenza Severity.
Genome-wide association study identifies new susceptibility loci for adolescent idiopathic scoliosis in Chinese girls.
A genome-wide association study of bipolar disorder with comorbid eating disorder replicates the SOX2-OT region.
Genome-wide association study identifies multiple susceptibility loci for glioma.
Whole-genome sequencing identifies EN1 as a determinant of bone density and fracture.
GCKR and PPP1R3B identified as genome-wide significant loci for plasma lactate: the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) study.
Genome-wide meta-analysis reveals common splice site acceptor variant in CHRNA4 associated with nicotine dependence.
Large-scale association analysis in Asians identifies new susceptibility loci for prostate cancer.
White Matter Lesion Progression: Genome-Wide Search for Genetic Influences.
Polymorphisms in HLA Class II Genes Are Associated With Susceptibility to Staphylococcus aureus Infection in a White Population.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Late-Onset Myasthenia Gravis: Confirmation of 
Genome-Wide Association Study of Event-Free Survival in Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma Treated With Immunochemotherapy.
A genome-wide association study confirms PNPLA3 and identifies TM6SF2 and MBOAT7 as risk loci for alcohol-related cirrhosis.
Genome-wide association studies suggest sex-specific loci associated with abdominal and visceral fat.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Peripheral Arterial Disease in a Japanese Population.
Genome-wide association study identifies SESTD1 as a novel risk gene for lithium-responsive bipolar disorder.
Identification of four new susceptibility loci for testicular germ cell tumour.
Dense genotyping of immune-related loci identifies HLA variants associated with increased risk of collagenous colitis.
Genome-Wide Association Studies of the Human Gut Microbiota.
Genetic Determinants of Pelvic Organ Prolapse among African American and Hispanic Women in the Women's Health Initiative.
Meta-analysis identifies seven susceptibility loci involved in the atopic march.
Genome-wide association study with the risk of schizophrenia in a Korean population.
Common genetic variation and survival after colorectal cancer diagnosis: a genome-wide analysis.
Nine susceptibility loci for hepatitis B virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma identified by a pilot two-stage genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies three new susceptibility loci for childhood body mass index.
Genome-Wide Association Study in an Amerindian Ancestry Population Reveals Novel Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Risk Loci and the Role of European Admixture.
Genome-wide Association Analysis of Psoriatic Arthritis and Cutaneous Psoriasis Reveals Differences in Their Genetic Architecture.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies common susceptibility polymorphisms for colorectal and endometrial cancer near SH2B3 and TSHZ1.
Pharmacogenetic study of long-term response to interferon-β treatment in multiple sclerosis.
Meta analysis identifies a novel susceptibility locus associated with heel bone strength in the Korean population.
Genome-wide association study of 25(OH) Vitamin D concentrations in Punjabi Sikhs: Results of the Asian Indian diabetic heart study.
A Genome-Wide Association Study Uncovers a Genetic Locus Associated with Thoracic-to-Hip Ratio in Koreans.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of cerebral white matter hyperintensities in patients with stroke.
Loci associated with ischaemic stroke and its subtypes (SiGN): a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association study for the interaction between BMR and BMI in obese Korean women including overweight.
Genome-wide association study reveals two loci for serum magnesium concentrations in European-American children.
Identification of new susceptibility loci for gastric non-cardia adenocarcinoma: pooled results from two Chinese genome-wide association studies.
Shared genetic susceptibility of vascular-related biomarkers with ischemic and recurrent stroke.
A GWAS Meta-analysis and Replication Study Identifies a Novel Locus within CLPTM1L/TERT Associated with Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma in Individuals of Chinese Ancestry.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies multiple lung cancer susceptibility loci in never-smoking Asian women.
Genetic evidence that lower circulating FSH levels lengthen menstrual cycle, increase age at menopause and impact female reproductive health.
Genome-Wide Association Analysis of Young-Onset Stroke Identifies a Locus on Chromosome 10q25 Near HABP2.
Sequence variants in the PTCH1 gene associate with spine bone mineral density and osteoporotic fractures.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies TXNRD2, ATXN2 and FOXC1 as susceptibility loci for primary open-angle glaucoma.
A Genome-wide study of blood pressure in African Americans accounting for gene-smoking interaction.
HLA-B*38:02:01 predicts carbimazole/methimazole-induced agranulocytosis.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of anxiety disorders.
Genome-wide association study of serum lipids confirms previously reported associations as well as new associations of common SNPs within PCSK7 gene with triglyceride.
A genome-wide association study of pulmonary tuberculosis in Morocco.
CYP24A1 variant modifies the association between use of oestrogen plus progestogen therapy and colorectal cancer risk.
Genome-wide association study reveals sex-specific selection signals against autosomal nucleotide variants.
A longitudinal genome-wide association study of anti-tumor necrosis factor response among Japanese patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Genome-wide Association Study of Platelet Count Identifies Ancestry-Specific Loci in Hispanic/Latino Americans.
Genome-wide association and Mendelian randomization study of NT-proBNP in patients with acute coronary syndrome.
Genetic variants associated with response to lithium treatment in bipolar disorder: a genome-wide association study.
Genetic loci associated with ideal cardiovascular health: A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies.
Genetic loci for Epstein-Barr virus nuclear antigen-1 are associated with risk of multiple sclerosis.
Identification of IRX1 as a Risk Locus for Rheumatoid Factor Positivity in Rheumatoid Arthritis in a Genome-Wide Association Study.
Genome-wide association studies in the Japanese population identify seven novel loci for type 2 diabetes.
A genome-wide association study reveals susceptibility loci for myocardial infarction/coronary artery disease in Saudi Arabs.
Family-based association analyses of imputed genotypes reveal genome-wide significant association of Alzheimer's disease with OSBPL6, PTPRG, and PDCL3.
GWAS of 89,283 individuals identifies genetic variants associated with self-reporting of being a morning person.
Genetic risk variants for membranous nephropathy: extension of and association with other chronic kidney disease aetiologies.
A Common Variant in the SETD7 Gene Predicts Serum Lycopene Concentrations.
Genome-wide association study identifies multiple susceptibility loci for craniofacial microsomia.
Obsessive-compulsive symptoms in a large population-based twin-family sample are predicted by clinically based polygenic scores and by genome-wide SNPs.
Pharmacogenomic Study of Clozapine-Induced Agranulocytosis/Granulocytopenia in a Japanese Population.
A Genome-Wide Association Study of Cutaneous Squamous Cell Carcinoma among European Descendants.
A common variant association study reveals novel susceptibility loci for low HDL-cholesterol levels in ethnic Arabs.
Novel genetic predictors of venous thromboembolism risk in African Americans.
Genetic analysis of advanced glycation end products in the DHS MIND study.
Six Novel Loci Associated with Circulating VEGF Levels Identified by a Meta-analysis of Genome-Wide Association Studies.
Novel loci and pathways significantly associated with longevity.
Genome-wide association study using family-based cohorts identifies the WLS and CCDC170/ESR1 loci as associated with bone mineral density.
Genome-Wide Association Study for Incident Myocardial Infarction and Coronary Heart Disease in Prospective Cohort Studies: The CHARGE Consortium.
Identification of Susceptibility Loci and Genes for Colorectal Cancer Risk.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies discovers multiple loci for chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
A genome-wide association study of congenital cardiovascular left-sided lesions shows association with a locus on chromosome 20.
International Genome-Wide Association Study Consortium Identifies Novel Loci Associated With Blood Pressure in Children and Adolescents.
Genetic Associations with Obstructive Sleep Apnea Traits in Hispanic/Latino Americans.
Response to Intravenous Cyclophosphamide Treatment for Lupus Nephritis Associated with Polymorphisms in the FCGR2B-FCRLA Locus.
Genetic risk factors for the posterior cortical atrophy variant of Alzheimer's disease.
Somatic, positive and negative domains of the Center for Epidemiological Studies Depression (CES-D) scale: a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies.
Genome wide association study identifies two loci associated with cadmium in erythrocytes among never-smokers.
Genetic association and stress mediated down-regulation in trabecular meshwork implicates MPP7 as a novel candidate gene in primary open angle glaucoma.
Genome-wide analyses of aggressiveness in attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Bladder Cancer in a Chinese Cohort Reveals a New Susceptibility Locus at 5q12.3.
Genome-wide Association Study of Cannabis Dependence Severity, Novel Risk Variants, and Shared Genetic Risks.
Genome-wide association study identifies five new susceptibility loci for primary angle closure glaucoma.
A Genome-wide Association Study of Nonsyndromic Cleft Palate Identifies an Etiologic Missense Variant in GRHL3.
Identification of additional risk loci for stroke and small vessel disease: a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies.
Mosaic loss of chromosome Y is associated with common variation near TCL1A.
New Locus for Skin Intrinsic Fluorescence in Type 1 Diabetes Also Associated With Blood and Skin Glycated Proteins.
Genetic Variants in the Bone Morphogenic Protein Gene Family Modify the Association between Residential Exposure to Traffic and Peripheral Arterial Disease.
Four Susceptibility Loci for Gallstone Disease Identified in a Meta-analysis of Genome-Wide Association Studies.
Genome-wide association study of colorectal cancer in Hispanics.
The Novel 
Clinical and Genetic Risk Factors for Acute Pancreatitis in Patients With Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia.
Identification of a Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Risk Locus Spanning ATG16L2, FCHSD2, and P2RY2 in Koreans.
Pharmacogenetic Discovery in CALGB (Alliance) 90401 and Mechanistic Validation of a VAC14 Polymorphism that Increases Risk of Docetaxel-Induced Neuropathy.
Genetic variants associated with antithyroid drug-induced agranulocytosis: a genome-wide association study in a European population.
Novel genetic risk factors for asthma in African American children: Precision Medicine and the SAGE II Study.
Genetic variants in RBFOX3 are associated with sleep latency.
Discovery of Genetic Variation on Chromosome 5q22 Associated with Mortality in Heart Failure.
Common genetic variation in ETV6 is associated with colorectal cancer susceptibility.
Identification of Common Genetic Variants Influencing Spontaneous Dizygotic Twinning and Female Fertility.
Variation at HLA-DPB1 is associated with dermatomyositis in Chinese population.
Genome-wide Association Studies of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder in 2 Cohorts of US Army Soldiers.
Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies Novel Susceptibility Genes Associated with Coronary Artery Aneurysm Formation in Kawasaki Disease.
Genome-wide association study confirms lung cancer susceptibility loci on chromosomes 5p15 and 15q25 in an African-American population.
Detection and interpretation of shared genetic influences on 42 human traits.
A combined large-scale meta-analysis identifies COG6 as a novel shared risk locus for rheumatoid arthritis and systemic lupus erythematosus.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Absolute QRS Voltage Identifies Common Variants of TBX3 as Genetic Determinants of Left Ventricular Mass in a Healthy Japanese Population.
Genome-wide Association for Major Depression Through Age at Onset Stratification: Major Depressive Disorder Working Group of the Psychiatric Genomics Consortium.
Genome-wide association study identifies 8p21.3 associated with persistent hepatitis B virus infection among Chinese.
Association of a Locus in the CAMTA1 Gene With Survival in Patients With Sporadic Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
Association of Polymorphisms in MACRO Domain Containing 2 With Thyroid-Associated Orbitopathy.
Genome-wide association of familial prostate cancer cases identifies evidence for a rare segregating haplotype at 8q24.21.
Pooled analysis of genome-wide association studies of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia 3 (CIN3) identifies a new susceptibility locus.
Bivariate genome-wide association study identifies novel pleiotropic loci for lipids and inflammation.
Multiethnic genome-wide association study identifies ethnic-specific associations with body mass index in Hispanics and African Americans.
Association of 3q13.32 variants with hip trochanter and intertrochanter bone mineral density identified by a genome-wide association study.
GWAS analysis of handgrip and lower body strength in older adults in the CHARGE consortium.
Genome-wide association study identifies multiple susceptibility loci for multiple myeloma.
Genome-wide association meta-analyses identified 1q43 and 2q32.2 for hip Ward's triangle areal bone mineral density.
Genome-wide common and rare variant analysis provides novel insights into clozapine-associated neutropenia.
Genome-Wide Association Study of the Modified Stumvoll Insulin Sensitivity Index Identifies BCL2 and FAM19A2 as Novel Insulin Sensitivity Loci.
Genome-wide association study in East Asians suggests UHMK1 as a novel bone mineral density susceptibility gene.
An extended genome-wide association study identifies novel susceptibility loci for nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Meta-analysis of Genome Wide Association Studies Identifies Genetic Markers of Late Toxicity Following Radiotherapy for Prostate Cancer.
KAT2B polymorphism identified for drug abuse in African Americans with regulatory links to drug abuse pathways in human prefrontal cortex.
A thrifty variant in CREBRF strongly influences body mass index in Samoans.
A new 3p25 locus is associated with liver fibrosis progression in human immunodeficiency virus/hepatitis C virus-coinfected patients.
Genome-Wide Gene-Sodium Interaction Analyses on Blood Pressure: The Genetic Epidemiology Network of Salt-Sensitivity Study.
Genome Wide Association Study Identifies L3MBTL4 as a Novel Susceptibility Gene for Hypertension.
Novel Association of Genetic Markers Affecting CYP2A6 Activity and Lung Cancer Risk.
Identification of susceptibility gene associated with female primary Sjögren's syndrome in Han Chinese by genome-wide association study.
Association of variations in HLA class II and other loci with susceptibility to EGFR-mutated lung adenocarcinoma.
Genome-wide association studies in oesophageal adenocarcinoma and Barrett's oesophagus: a large-scale meta-analysis.
The First Pilot Genome-Wide Gene-Environment Study of Depression in the Japanese Population.
The Interplay Between Risky Sexual Behaviors and Alcohol Dependence: Genome-Wide Association and Neuroimaging Support for LHPP as a Risk Gene.
Genetic Analysis with the Immunochip Platform in Behçet Disease. Identification of Residues Associated in the HLA Class I Region and New Susceptibility Loci.
A coding variant in 
Identification of Loci at 1q21 and 16q23 That Affect Susceptibility to Inflammatory Bowel Disease in Koreans.
Genomewide Approach Validates Thiopurine Methyltransferase Activity Is a Monogenic Pharmacogenomic Trait.
A genome-wide association study meta-analysis of clinical fracture in 10,012 African American women.
Fine-mapping, novel loci identification, and SNP association transferability in a genome-wide association study of QRS duration in African Americans.
A Genome-Wide Association Study to Identify Single-Nucleotide Polymorphisms for Acute Kidney Injury.
Variation in the glucose transporter gene SLC2A2 is associated with glycemic response to metformin.
Novel HLA-DP region susceptibility loci associated with severe acute GvHD.
Chronic Periodontitis Genome-wide Association Study in the Hispanic Community Health Study / Study of Latinos.
Novel Genetic Variants Associated With Increased Vertebral Volumetric BMD, Reduced Vertebral Fracture Risk, and Increased Expression of SLC1A3 and EPHB2.
A common variant association study in ethnic Saudi Arabs reveals novel susceptibility loci for hypertriglyceridemia.
A genome-wide association study of emotion dysregulation: Evidence for interleukin 2 receptor alpha.
Analysis of 23andMe antidepressant efficacy survey data: implication of circadian rhythm and neuroplasticity in bupropion response.
Genetic Factors of the Disease Course after Sepsis: A Genome-Wide Study for 28Day Mortality.
Genome-wide association analysis reveals variants on chromosome 19 that contribute to childhood risk of chronic otitis media with effusion.
Genome-wide association reveals that common genetic variation in the kallikrein-kinin system is associated with serum L-arginine levels.
Genome-wide association study of plasma resistin levels identified rs1423096 and rs10401670 as possible functional variants in the Japanese population.
Genome-wide association and replication study of anti-tuberculosis drugs-induced liver toxicity.
Genome-wide association study suggests common variants within RP11-634B7.4 gene influencing severe pre-treatment pain in head and neck cancer patients.
A genome wide association study suggests the association of muskelin with early onset bipolar disorder: Implications for a GABAergic epileptogenic neurogenesis model.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Radiographic Knee Osteoarthritis in North American Caucasians.
Trans-ethnic meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies for Hirschsprung disease.
A genome-wide association study identifies risk loci for childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia at 10q26.13 and 12q23.1.
Novel Genetic Variants for Cartilage Thickness and Hip Osteoarthritis.
Genome-Wide Interaction Analyses between Genetic Variants and Alcohol Consumption and Smoking for Risk of Colorectal Cancer.
Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies ZNF354C Variants Associated with Depression from Interferon-Based Therapy for Chronic Hepatitis C.
Common Genetic Variation Near Melatonin Receptor 1A Gene Linked to Job-Related Exhaustion in Shift Workers.
Variant Discovery and Fine Mapping of Genetic Loci Associated with Blood Pressure Traits in Hispanics and African Americans.
GWAS in the SIGNAL/PHARE clinical cohort restricts the association between the FGFR2 locus and estrogen receptor status to HER2-negative breast cancer patients.
Genome-wide association analyses identify new susceptibility loci for oral cavity and pharyngeal cancer.
Genetic Overlap Between Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Bipolar Disorder: Evidence From Genome-wide Association Study Meta-analysis.
Two novel loci, COBL and SLC10A2, for Alzheimer's disease in African Americans.
A Large Genome-Wide Association Study of Age-Related Hearing Impairment Using Electronic Health Records.
Genome-wide scans reveal variants at EDAR predominantly affecting hair straightness in Han Chinese and Uyghur populations.
Pleiotropic Meta-Analyses of Longitudinal Studies Discover Novel Genetic Variants Associated with Age-Related Diseases.
Genetic and methylation variation in the CYP2B6 gene is related to circulating p,p'-dde levels in a population-based sample.
Genome-wide association study identifies WNT7B as a novel locus for central corneal thickness in Latinos.
KLB is associated with alcohol drinking, and its gene product β-Klotho is necessary for FGF21 regulation of alcohol preference.
Common variants in CLDN14 are associated with differential excretion of magnesium over calcium in urine.
Common variants on 2p16.1, 6p22.1 and 10q24.32 are associated with schizophrenia in Han Chinese population.
Genetic Variants Associated with Circulating Parathyroid Hormone.
An Analysis of Two Genome-wide Association Meta-analyses Identifies a New Locus for Broad Depression Phenotype.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants in 
Large-scale pharmacogenomic study of sulfonylureas and the QT, JT and QRS intervals: CHARGE Pharmacogenomics Working Group.
A large-scale genome-wide association and meta-analysis identified four novel susceptibility loci for leprosy.
Genetic variation at 16q24.2 is associated with small vessel stroke.
Identification of novel loci affecting circulating chromogranins and related peptides.
The CAPN2/CAPN8 Locus on Chromosome 1q Is Associated with Variation in Serum Alpha-Carotene Concentrations.
Bivariate genome-wide association analyses identified genetic pleiotropic effects for bone mineral density and alcohol drinking in Caucasians.
Genetic architecture differences between pediatric and adult-onset inflammatory bowel diseases in the Polish population.
Rare genetic variants in SMAP1, B3GAT2, and RIMS1 contribute to pediatric venous thromboembolism.
Genome-wide association study of immunoglobulin light chain amyloidosis in three patient cohorts: comparison with myeloma.
A genome wide association study of fast beta EEG in families of European ancestry.
A Genome-wide Association Study Identifies Risk Alleles in Plasminogen and P4HA2 Associated with Giant Cell Arteritis.
Association of Liver Injury From Specific Drugs, or Groups of Drugs, With Polymorphisms in HLA and Other Genes in a Genome-Wide Association Study.
A genome-wide interaction analysis of tricyclic/tetracyclic antidepressants and RR and QT intervals: a pharmacogenomics study from the Cohorts for Heart and Aging Research in Genomic Epidemiology (CHARGE) consortium.
Variants in 
Genome-wide association study identifies novel susceptibility loci for migraine in Han Chinese resided in Taiwan.
A Genome-Wide Association Study of Vertical Cup-Disc Ratio in a Latino Population.
Genome-wide study of resistant hypertension identified from electronic health records.
Body mass index change in gastrointestinal cancer and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease is associated with Dedicator of Cytokinesis 1.
Genome-wide association scan of neuropathic pain symptoms post total joint replacement highlights a variant in the protein-kinase C gene.
Genome-wide association studies identify PRKCB as a novel genetic susceptibility locus for primary biliary cholangitis in the Japanese population.
An endophenotype approach to the genetics of alcohol dependence: a genome wide association study of fast beta EEG in families of African ancestry.
Evidence for genetic heterogeneity between clinical subtypes of bipolar disorder.
Identification of Genetic Variants Linking Protein C and Lipoprotein Metabolism: The ARIC Study (Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities).
Genome-Wide Association Studies of Multiple Keratinocyte Cancers.
GWAS Identifies New Loci for Painful Temporomandibular Disorder: Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos.
Genetic variants associated with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor-induced cough: a genome-wide association study in a Swedish population.
Genome-Wide Study Links PNPLA3 Variant With Elevated Hepatic Transaminase After Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia Therapy.
Genetic variation underlying renal uric acid excretion in Hispanic children: the Viva La Familia Study.
GWAS meta-analysis reveals novel loci and genetic correlates for general cognitive function: a report from the COGENT consortium.
6q12 and 11p14 variants are associated with postnatal exhaled nitric oxide levels and respiratory symptoms.
Genome-wide association study identifies 
Genome-wide association analysis of chronic lymphocytic leukaemia, Hodgkin lymphoma and multiple myeloma identifies pleiotropic risk loci.
A genome-wide association study identifies two novel susceptibility loci and trans population polygenicity associated with bipolar disorder.
Genome-wide association study of therapeutic opioid dosing identifies a novel locus upstream of OPRM1.
Genome-wide association study identifies four SNPs associated with response to platinum-based neoadjuvant chemotherapy for cervical cancer.
Genome-wide association study identiﬁes HLA-DR variants conferring risk of HBV-related acute-on-chronic liver failure.
Genome-wide association study with additional genetic and post-transcriptional analyses reveals novel regulators of plasma factor XI levels.
Genetics of early-onset Parkinson's disease in Finland: exome sequencing and genome-wide association study.
Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies TLL1 Variant Associated With Development of Hepatocellular Carcinoma After Eradication of Hepatitis C Virus Infection.
A Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies Genetic Variants Associated with Mathematics Ability.
Genome-wide interaction study of dust mite allergen on lung function in children with asthma.
Genome-wide association analysis implicates dysregulation of immunity genes in chronic lymphocytic leukaemia.
Two-stage genome-wide association study identifies a novel susceptibility locus associated with melanoma.
GWAS for serum galactose-deficient IgA1 implicates critical genes of the O-glycosylation pathway.
A genome-wide association study yields five novel thyroid cancer risk loci.
Identification of unique venous thromboembolism-susceptibility variants in African-Americans.
Association between genetic variation within vitamin D receptor-DNA binding sites and risk of basal cell carcinoma.
Sequence variant at 8q24.21 associates with sciatica caused by lumbar disc herniation.
Genomic variants at 20p11 associated with body fat mass in the European population.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies novel loci of plaque burden in carotid artery.
GWAS identifies population-specific new regulatory variants in FUT6 associated with plasma B12 concentrations in Indians.
Genome-wide analyses identify common variants associated with macular telangiectasia type 2.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel susceptible loci and highlights Wnt/beta-catenin pathway in the development of adolescent idiopathic scoliosis.
Genome-wide association study identifies four novel loci associated with Alzheimer's endophenotypes and disease modifiers.
Common genetic variation and risk of gallbladder cancer in India: a case-control genome-wide association study.
A genome-wide gene-by-trauma interaction study of alcohol misuse in two independent cohorts identifies PRKG1 as a risk locus.
Novel colon cancer susceptibility variants identified from a genome-wide association study in African Americans.
Genome-wide analysis identifies an african-specific variant in SEMA4D associated with body mass index.
Identification of a novel locus associated with skin colour in African-admixed populations.
Genetic determinants of adiponectin regulation revealed by pregnancy.
Whole-genome sequencing identifies rare genotypes in COMP and CHADL associated with high risk of hip osteoarthritis.
Genome-wide association study of glioma subtypes identifies specific differences in genetic susceptibility to glioblastoma and non-glioblastoma tumors.
Risk prediction of pulmonary tuberculosis using genetic and conventional risk factors in adult Korean population.
A genome-wide trans-ethnic interaction study links the PIGR-FCAMR locus to coronary atherosclerosis via interactions between genetic variants and residential exposure to traffic.
Susceptibility loci for metabolic syndrome and metabolic components identified in Han Chinese: a multi-stage genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association study identifies three novel loci in Fuchs endothelial corneal dystrophy.
Genome-wide association screens for Achilles tendon and ACL tears and tendinopathy.
Genetic Analysis of Venous Thromboembolism in UK Biobank Identifies the ZFPM2 Locus and Implicates Obesity as a Causal Risk Factor.
Genome-Wide Association Study Meta-Analysis of Long-Term Average Blood Pressure in East Asians.
Genome-wide genetic analyses highlight mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) signaling in the pathogenesis of endometriosis.
Genome-Wide Association and Replication Study of Hepatotoxicity Induced by Antiretrovirals Alone or with Concomitant Anti-Tuberculosis Drugs.
Genome-wide associations of CD46 and IFI44L genetic variants with neutralizing antibody response to measles vaccine.
Genome-wide association analysis for chronic venous disease identifies EFEMP1 and KCNH8 as susceptibility loci.
A new locus regulating MICALL2 expression was identified for association with executive inhibition in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
The first genome-wide association study identifying new susceptibility loci for obstetric antiphospholipid syndrome.
SLCO1B1 polymorphisms and plasma estrone conjugates in postmenopausal women with ER+ breast cancer: genome-wide association studies of the estrone pathway.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies a novel susceptibility signal at CACNA2D3 for nicotine dependence.
A genome-wide association study identifies nucleotide variants at SIGLEC5 and DEFA1A3 as risk loci for periodontitis.
Identification of genes associated with dissociation of cognitive performance and neuropathological burden: Multistep analysis of genetic, epigenetic, and transcriptional data.
Genome-wide association study of facial morphology reveals novel associations with FREM1 and PARK2.
Genome-wide association study of HIV-associated neurocognitive disorder (HAND): A CHARTER group study.
Korean atrial fibrillation network genome-wide association study for early-onset atrial fibrillation identifies novel susceptibility loci.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of asthma in Puerto Ricans.
Genetic polymorphisms associated with pancreatic cancer survival: a genome-wide association study.
Genetic contributors to variation in alcohol consumption vary by race/ethnicity in a large multi-ethnic genome-wide association study.
Genome-Wide Association Shows that Pigmentation Genes Play a Role in Skin Aging.
Genome-wide association study of iron traits and relation to diabetes in the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos (HCHS/SOL): potential genomic intersection of iron and glucose regulation?
Association of CD8
A genome-wide association meta-analysis on lipoprotein (a) concentrations adjusted for apolipoprotein (a) isoforms.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Heavy Smoking and Daily/Nondaily Smoking in the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos (HCHS/SOL).
Genome-wide association study of subclinical interstitial lung disease in MESA.
Common variants upstream of MLF1 at 3q25 and within CPZ at 4p16 associated with neuroblastoma.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Psychosis Proneness in the Finnish Population.
ASD restricted and repetitive behaviors associated at 17q21.33: genes prioritized by expression in fetal brains.
Genome-Wide Significance for PCLO as a Gene for Major Depressive Disorder.
Whole genome sequencing and imputation in isolated populations identify genetic associations with medically-relevant complex traits.
Genome-Wide Association Studies and Meta-Analyses for Congenital Heart Defects.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of cognitive empathy: heritability, and correlates with sex, neuropsychiatric conditions and cognition.
Genome-wide approach identifies a novel gene-maternal pre-pregnancy BMI interaction on preterm birth.
Genome-wide association study identifies multiple risk loci for renal cell carcinoma.
Genome-wide association study of heart rate and its variability in Hispanic/Latino cohorts.
A genome-wide association study of anorexia nervosa suggests a risk locus implicated in dysregulated leptin signaling.
Genetic variants in 
A chromosome 5q31.1 locus associates with tuberculin skin test reactivity in HIV-positive individuals from tuberculosis hyper-endemic regions in east Africa.
Heritability and genome-wide associations studies of cerebral blood flow in the general population.
Identification of genetic variants associated with Huntington's disease progression: a genome-wide association study.
A genetic variant near GATA3 implicated in inherited susceptibility and etiology of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) and lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS).
Polygenic risk score and heritability estimates reveals a genetic relationship between ASD and OCD.
A genome-wide association study suggests that MAPK14 is associated with diabetic foot ulcers.
Genome-wide association studies of placebo and duloxetine response in major depressive disorder.
Genome-wide association study of neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the Thai population.
Genome-wide association and expression quantitative trait loci studies identify multiple susceptibility loci for thyroid cancer.
Genotypic variability based association identifies novel non-additive loci DHCR7 and IRF4 in sero-negative rheumatoid arthritis.
Low-Frequency Synonymous Coding Variation in CYP2R1 Has Large Effects on Vitamin D Levels and Risk of Multiple Sclerosis.
Genetic variation in the gene 
Genome-wide gene by lead exposure interaction analysis identifies UNC5D as a candidate gene for neurodevelopment.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies common variants influencing infant brain volumes.
Sulfasalazine-Induced Agranulocytosis Is Associated With the Human Leukocyte Antigen Locus.
Two Novel Susceptibility Loci for Prostate Cancer in Men of African Ancestry.
A genome-wide association study identified a novel genetic loci STON1-GTF2A1L/LHCGR/FSHR for bilaterality of neovascular age-related macular degeneration.
Genetic association analysis identifies variants associated with disease progression in primary sclerosing cholangitis.
Genetic variants specific to aging-related verbal memory: Insights from GWASs in a population-based cohort.
The SNP-set based association study identifies ITGA1 as a susceptibility gene of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in Han Chinese.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel type II diabetes risk loci in Jordan subpopulations.
Family-based exome-wide association study of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia among Hispanics confirms role of ARID5B in susceptibility.
A multi-stage genome-wide association study of uterine fibroids in African Americans.
A genome-wide association analysis identifies 
New variants near RHOJ and C2, HLA-DRA region and susceptibility to endometriosis in the Polish population-The genome-wide association study.
Rare coding variants in PLCG2, ABI3, and TREM2 implicate microglial-mediated innate immunity in Alzheimer's disease.
Genome-wide analysis of health-related biomarkers in the UK Household Longitudinal Study reveals novel associations.
Male-specific association of the FCGR2A His167Arg polymorphism with Kawasaki disease.
Genetic association with B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia in allogeneic transplant patients differs by age and sex.
Detection of susceptibility loci on 
Genome-wide association study of a nicotine metabolism biomarker in African American smokers: impact of chromosome 19 genetic influences.
A novel role for ciliary function in atopy: ADGRV1 and DNAH5 interactions.
The common variants implicated in microstructural abnormality of first episode and drug-naïve patients with schizophrenia.
Genome-wide association study evaluating single-nucleotide polymorphisms and outcomes in patients with advanced stage serous ovarian or primary peritoneal cancer: An NRG Oncology/Gynecologic Oncology Group study.
Cross-ethnic meta-analysis identifies association of the GPX3-TNIP1 locus with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Discovery of susceptibility loci associated with tuberculosis in Han Chinese.
Genome-wide association study and meta-analysis in Northern European populations replicate multiple colorectal cancer risk loci.
Two genetic loci associated with ankle injury.
Bayesian and frequentist analysis of an Austrian genome-wide association study of colorectal cancer and advanced adenomas.
A functional variant in MIR4300HG, the host gene of microRNA MIR4300 is associated with progression of adolescent idiopathic scoliosis.
Genetic variants associated with susceptibility to idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis in people of European ancestry: a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association study of alcohol use disorder identification test (AUDIT) scores in 20 328 research participants of European ancestry.
Genetic Risk Variants Associated With Comorbid Alcohol Dependence and Major Depression.
Multiethnic Meta-Analysis Identifies RAI1 as a Possible Obstructive Sleep Apnea-related Quantitative Trait Locus in Men.
Problematic alcohol use associates with sodium channel and clathrin linker 1 (SCLT1) in trauma-exposed populations.
Genome-Wide Meta-Analysis Unravels Interactions between Magnesium Homeostasis and Metabolic Phenotypes.
Genetic Variants Associated With Uncontrolled Blood Pressure on Thiazide Diuretic/β-Blocker Combination Therapy in the PEAR (Pharmacogenomic Evaluation of Antihypertensive Responses) and INVEST (International Verapamil-SR Trandolapril Study) Trials.
Genome-wide association study identifies a novel locus for cannabis dependence.
A genome-wide association study links small-vessel ischemic stroke to autophagy.
Identification of CDC42BPG as a novel susceptibility locus for hyperuricemia in a Japanese population.
Genome-wide association study of PR interval in Hispanics/Latinos identifies novel locus at 
A variant in PPP4R3A protects against alzheimer-related metabolic decline.
Genome-wide association study of telomere length among South Asians identifies a second RTEL1 association signal.
New insights into the pharmacogenomics of antidepressant response from the GENDEP and STAR*D studies: rare variant analysis and high-density imputation.
Identification of a novel locus on chromosome 2q13, which predisposes to clinical vertebral fractures independently of bone density.
Genome-Wide Study of Subcutaneous and Visceral Adipose Tissue Reveals Novel Sex-Specific Adiposity Loci in Mexican Americans.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies novel determinants of circulating serum progranulin.
Whole-genome association study of antibody response to Epstein-Barr virus in an African population: a pilot.
Meta-analysis of three genome-wide association studies identifies two loci that predict survival and treatment outcome in breast cancer.
Genome-wide association study of subcortical brain volume in PTSD cases and trauma-exposed controls.
Genetic Variants Contributing to Circulating Matrix Metalloproteinase 8 Levels and Their Association With Cardiovascular Diseases: A Genome-Wide Analysis.
Genome-wide association study of classical Hodgkin lymphoma identifies key regulators of disease susceptibility.
Genome-Wide Gene-Potassium Interaction Analyses on Blood Pressure: The GenSalt Study (Genetic Epidemiology Network of Salt Sensitivity).
Genome-wide association study identifies the GLDC/IL33 locus associated with survival of osteosarcoma patients.
Genome-wide scan identifies candidate loci related to remifentanil requirements during laparoscopic-assisted colectomy.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Male Sexual Orientation.
Genome-wide association study of coronary artery calcified atherosclerotic plaque in African Americans with type 2 diabetes.
Genome-wide association study of delay discounting in 23,217 adult research participants of European ancestry.
Multidimensional Bone Density Phenotyping Reveals New Insights Into Genetic Regulation of the Pediatric Skeleton.
Bone mineral density in children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Genome-wide association study identifies a missense variant at APOA5 for coronary artery disease in Multi-Ethnic Cohorts from Southeast Asia.
Novel Susceptibility Loci for Moyamoya Disease Revealed by a Genome-Wide Association Study.
Genetic Polymorphisms of PNPLA3 and SAMM50 Are Associated with Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in a Korean Population.
Investigating the genetic architecture of dementia with Lewy bodies: a two-stage genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide Study of Atrial Fibrillation Identifies Seven Risk Loci and Highlights Biological Pathways and Regulatory Elements Involved in Cardiac Development.
A Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies a Candidate Gene Associated With Atazanavir Exposure Measured in Hair.
Genetic Determinants of Circulating Estrogen Levels and Evidence of a Causal Effect of Estradiol on Bone Density in Men.
Genome-wide Association Study Identifies a Regulatory Variant of RGMA Associated With Opioid Dependence in European Americans.
Splicing variant of 
Genome-wide analysis of disease progression in age-related macular degeneration.
Genome-wide association study in 79,366 European-ancestry individuals informs the genetic architecture of 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels.
Genetic risk of prostate cancer in Ugandan men.
Genome-wide association study of paclitaxel and carboplatin disposition in women with epithelial ovarian cancer.
A genome-wide association study in the Japanese population identifies the 12q24 locus for habitual coffee consumption: The J-MICC Study.
Gene-based association study for lipid traits in diverse cohorts implicates 
Genome-wide association study of Hirschsprung disease detects a novel low-frequency variant at the RET locus.
A Genome-Wide Association Study Finds Genetic Associations with Broadly-Defined Headache in UK Biobank (N=223,773).
Risk estimation model for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in the Japanese using multiple genetic markers.
A Genome-wide Study of Common and Rare Genetic Variants Associated with Circulating Thrombin Activatable Fibrinolysis Inhibitor.
Genome-Wide Association Study Reveals Variants in CFH and CFHR4 Associated with Systemic Complement Activation: Implications in Age-Related Macular Degeneration.
A Genome-Wide Association Study in Hispanics/Latinos Identifies Novel Signals for Lung Function. The Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos.
Bipolar disorder with binge eating behavior: a genome-wide association study implicates PRR5-ARHGAP8.
The polymorphism rs671 at ALDH2 associated with serum uric acid levels in Chinese Han males: A genome-wide association study.
Meta-genome-wide association studies identify a locus on chromosome 1 and multiple variants in the MHC region for serum C-peptide in type 1 diabetes.
A genome-wide association study of corneal astigmatism: The CREAM Consortium.
A novel variant in 
A High-risk Haplotype for Premature Menopause in Childhood Cancer Survivors Exposed to Gonadotoxic Therapy.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies five new susceptibility loci for pancreatic cancer.
Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies a New Locus at 7q21.13 Associated with Hepatitis B Virus-Related Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Genome-wide association study identifies 
GWAS identifies two novel colorectal cancer loci at 16q24.1 and 20q13.12.
Genomewide Association Study of Alcohol Dependence and Related Traits in a Thai Population.
Genome-wide pleiotropy analysis of neuropathological traits related to Alzheimer's disease.
Genome-Wide Association and Functional Studies Identify 
Genome-Wide Association Approach Identified Novel Genetic Predictors of Heart Rate Response to β-Blockers.
Joint study of two genome-wide association meta-analyses identified 20p12.1 and 20q13.33 for bone mineral density.
Genome-wide association study (GWAS) of human host factors influencing viral severity of herpes simplex virus type 2 (HSV-2).
Genome-Wide Association Study of Serum 25-Hydroxyvitamin D in US Women.
Five novel loci associated with antipsychotic treatment response in patients with schizophrenia: a genome-wide association study.
Enhanced Contribution of HLA in Pediatric Onset Ulcerative Colitis.
Heritability and Genome-Wide Association Analyses of Serum Uric Acid in Middle and Old-Aged Chinese Twins.
Genome-wide analysis yields new loci associating with aortic valve stenosis.
Multiplex genomewide association analysis of breast milk fatty acid composition extends the phenotypic association and potential selection of 
Genome-wide analysis of insomnia disorder.
Genome Wide Association Study Identifies the 
Genome-wide association analysis identifies new candidate risk loci for familial intracranial aneurysm in the French-Canadian population.
Genome-wide analyses of self-reported empathy: correlations with autism, schizophrenia, and anorexia nervosa.
Two Genetic Variants Associated with Plantar Fascial Disorders.
A genome-wide association study of IgM antibody against phosphorylcholine: shared genetics and phenotypic relationship to chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
Susceptibility to corticosteroid-induced adrenal suppression: a genome-wide association study.
Interactions Between Genetic Variants and Environmental Factors Affect Risk of Esophageal Adenocarcinoma and Barrett's Esophagus.
A Meta-Analysis of Genome-Wide Association Studies of Growth Differentiation Factor-15 Concentration in Blood.
Genetic markers for urine haptoglobin is associated with decline in renal function in type 2 diabetes in East Asians.
Analyses of genome wide association data, cytokines, and gene expression in African-Americans with benign ethnic neutropenia.
Genetic Variants Influencing Plasma Renin Activity in Hypertensive Patients From the PEAR Study (Pharmacogenomic Evaluation of Antihypertensive Responses).
Genetic overlap between endometriosis and endometrial cancer: evidence from cross-disease genetic correlation and GWAS meta-analyses.
Genome-wide association study and meta-analysis identify loci associated with ventricular and supraventricular ectopy.
Female-Specific Association Between Variants on Chromosome 9 and Self-Reported Diagnosis of Irritable Bowel Syndrome.
Genome-Wide Associations of Global Electrical Heterogeneity ECG Phenotype: The ARIC (Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities) Study and CHS (Cardiovascular Health Study).
Genome-wide association study identifies susceptibility loci for B-cell childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
The genetics of smoking in individuals with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies novel loci associated with parathyroid hormone level.
A genome wide association study identifies new genes potentially associated with eyelid sagging.
Genetic variations and risk of placental abruption: A genome-wide association study and meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies.
Genetic associations with childhood brain growth, defined in two longitudinal cohorts.
Genome-wide interaction with the insulin secretion locus MTNR1B reveals CMIP as a novel type 2 diabetes susceptibility gene in African Americans.
Novel risk genes identified in a genome-wide association study for coronary artery disease in patients with type 1 diabetes.
Mapping genetic variants for cranial vault shape in humans.
Genetic susceptibility markers for a breast-colorectal cancer phenotype: Exploratory results from genome-wide association studies.
Common variants on 6q16.2, 12q24.31 and 16p13.3 are associated with major depressive disorder.
A Genome-Wide Association Study of Diabetic Kidney Disease in Subjects With Type 2 Diabetes.
Human brain arousal in the resting state: a genome-wide association study.
Potential genetic modifiers of disease risk and age at onset in patients with frontotemporal lobar degeneration and GRN mutations: a genome-wide association study.
Family-Based Genome-Wide Association Study of South Indian Pedigrees Supports WNT7B as a Central Corneal Thickness Locus.
CETP (Cholesteryl Ester Transfer Protein) Concentration: A Genome-Wide Association Study Followed by Mendelian Randomization on Coronary Artery Disease.
Genetic Regulation of PCSK9 (Proprotein Convertase Subtilisin/Kexin Type 9) Plasma Levels and Its Impact on Atherosclerotic Vascular Disease Phenotypes.
Identifying the genetic risk factors for treatment response to lurasidone by genome-wide association study: A meta-analysis of samples from three independent clinical trials.
CCDC102B confers risk of low vision and blindness in high myopia.
Association of Novel ALX4 Gene Polymorphisms with Antidepressant Treatment Response: Findings from the CO-MED Trial.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis of circulating odd-numbered chain saturated fatty acids: Results from the CHARGE Consortium.
Genome-wide association studies for diabetic macular edema and proliferative diabetic retinopathy.
Genome-wide association study identifies two loci influencing plasma neurofilament light levels.
Genetic Study of White Matter Integrity in UK Biobank (N=8448) and the Overlap With Stroke, Depression, and Dementia.
Genome-wide association study identified ATP6V1H locus influencing cerebrospinal fluid BACE activity.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies a meningioma risk locus at 11p15.5.
Assessment of rosacea symptom severity by genome-wide association study and expression analysis highlights immuno-inflammatory and skin pigmentation genes.
Genetic variant for behavioral regulation factor of executive function and its possible brain mechanism in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Genetics of Obesity Traits: A Bivariate Genome-Wide Association Analysis.
A truncating mutation in EPOR leads to hypo-responsiveness to erythropoietin with normal haemoglobin.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Renal Function Traits: Results from the Japan Multi-Institutional Collaborative Cohort Study.
Genome-wide association study identified new susceptible genetic variants in HLA class I region for hepatitis B virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma.
Novel genes and insights in complete asthma remission: A genome-wide association study on clinical and complete asthma remission.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Serum Fructosamine and Glycated Albumin in Adults Without Diagnosed Diabetes: Results From the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study.
Association Study and Fine-Mapping Major Histocompatibility Complex Analysis of Pemphigus Vulgaris in a Han Chinese Population.
Genetic study of multimodal imaging Alzheimer's disease progression score implicates novel loci.
Japanese GWAS identifies variants for bust-size, dysmenorrhea, and menstrual fever that are eQTLs for relevant protein-coding or long non-coding RNAs.
Genome-wide association study of developmental dysplasia of the hip identifies an association with 
Genome-wide association study identifies genes associated with neuropathy in patients with head and neck cancer.
Association analyses of more than 140,000 men identify 63 new prostate cancer susceptibility loci.
Enrichment of B cell receptor signaling and epidermal growth factor receptor pathways in monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance: a genome-wide genetic interaction study.
Genome-wide association study in Japanese females identifies fifteen novel skin-related trait associations.
Genome-wide association study of habitual physical activity in over 377,000 UK Biobank participants identifies multiple variants including CADM2 and APOE.
Transethnic, Genome-Wide Analysis Reveals Immune-Related Risk Alleles and Phenotypic Correlates in Pediatric Steroid-Sensitive Nephrotic Syndrome.
Identification of five novel genetic loci related to facial morphology by genome-wide association studies.
Consortium-based genome-wide meta-analysis for childhood dental caries traits.
Targeted resequencing of a locus for heparin-induced thrombocytopenia on chromosome 5 identified in a genome-wide association study.
Identification of three novel loci of ALDH2 Gene for Serum Folate levels in a Male Chinese Population by Genome-Wide Association Study.
A Genome-Wide Association Study of α-Synuclein Levels in Cerebrospinal Fluid.
Genome-wide association study of cognitive flexibility assessed by the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test.
Genetic variants in systemic lupus erythematosus susceptibility loci, XKR6 and GLT1D1 are associated with childhood-onset SLE in a Korean cohort.
Genetic modifiers of radon-induced lung cancer risk: a genome-wide interaction study in former uranium miners.
Genome-wide association study of nocturnal blood pressure dipping in hypertensive patients.
Identification of novel susceptibility loci associated with hepatitis B surface antigen seroclearance in chronic hepatitis B.
